(00:00~01:00) we tried all the time oh wow ности The girl's voice got him ram french
(01:00~02:38) A rose a ceilug is a oft négato But yeah yeah yeah, no need to honor the graphic The was overwhelmed Not for free now elines SilSQL I
(02:38~03:52) I need everybody's help. What happened? Do I need money? Am I going to broke? I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help.
(03:52~05:18) I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help.
(05:18~06:30) I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. Reaction in Zoma. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help.
(06:30~07:40) 2.5.
(07:40~08:58) 3.5. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help.
(08:58~09:58) I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help. I need everybody's help And obviously what I say today April is really bad for me. Everyone tries to solve this problem, it's IPN and someone tries to solve this problem, we need to fix this problem. So scary. So I think from this perspective, although Long Yan is so strong, do you think he is still there 100 years later? I really don't know. I don't think he is still there. And is Taiwan still there 100 years later? I don't know either. Even if it's the earth, I really don't know. Maybe 100 years later, the earth is the fourth time. It should be the fourth time. The ice and the flag. Is it the fourth or the fifth? It should be the fifth time. No matter. Because we are now the fourth ice and the flag. So it should be the fifth. The fifth time the ice and the flag suddenly comes and all the human beings are destroyed. And then the world is completely destroyed.
(09:58~10:58) Is there a possibility? There is a possibility. In that case, the creatures and human beings have been destroyed. When there is nothing left, do you think the spiritual bone tower is still important? The things 100 years later, forget it. Just let it go. Don't care too much. Okay? Okay, let's talk to everyone. Boss, you can talk about Jiumen. What does Jiumen do? It's just after the birth. After the birth, I feel that this is a bit strange. Let's talk about it later. I don't know what to talk about. But I'll... Okay, anyway, someone just asked a question. That is, the topic of the past citizen. Yes, I will do it. I will do it in April. I will do it in April. Don't compare me too much. I'm so sad. I'm in pain today. I'm really, really tired today. I'm really tired. Okay, I'll share with you a super boring thing. This boring thing is that I'm now in the weight of 65kg. And the height is 19kg. And then, I was... I've talked about it before. I'm in the peak of this year, 68kg.
(10:58~11:58) The height is about 20kg. So I've fallen to 20kg now. When I was only doing it for you, I wanted to do the abs. I probably did it until I was 16kg. The lowest one, until I was 16kg. 16kg is actually not quite obvious. But you can see a little bit of the limit. It's about 15kg, so you can see it clearly. So you can see it clearly. I've fallen from the 20kg. So the distance, the height I've fallen for you, is not far away. So, this year, I've set a goal. I hope this goal can be achieved. It's now April. And then, after two months, summer will come. I hope that after two months, my summer body will be formed. I can take another video of the South Sea, go to the beach to play. And then, I'm going to show... I dare not say, actually, I've been talking about the Li Pei Xu, I'm not joking. But, if you remember, recently, I've been watching this video for a couple of years, actually, Qiu Yi Jie's figure is quite different. I hope that at least this thing can change a little bit. It can change a little bit.
(11:58~12:58) My summer body. I hope that at that time, I can start a live stream. I'll just go up. That live stream, I don't want to call it summer body. You know, that whole season, I can... I can have a summer, and then I drink cold drinks. Today, I drink hypo. And then, maybe beer, orion's skin, because I still go to summer, and then I've been sunbathing outside, so my skin is dark. And then, I wear a kind of a kind of a kind of necklace. You know what I mean? And then, I also wear a bracelet, a kind of a wave-like style. And then I wear a beach pants. And then I just do a beach pants live stream. But I'll tell you, because at that time, the office in the second half should have been already done. The office in the second half actually has a quite large courtyard. So, at that time, I'll open a live stream there, in that courtyard, and then in summer, and then I'll go up, and then wear that... that beach pants. It feels pretty cool. Pretty cool. It might look good. And then, next to it, can I live? I'll show you. Can I live there? Because my room is actually a top floor, but I can't do it. I won't be able to do it. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if this will be a top floor. Because it's a top floor,
(12:58~13:58) so I won't be affected by the neighbor. I'll live a small house next to it. Wow, romantic. Romantic. It's not just about the nationality. It's not about the nationality. The nationality is about giving up on me, and then showing everyone the bad side of me. I'm not giving up on myself. I'm not giving up on myself. Okay, that's it. What's your name? I'll tell you. I hope I can give you a hint at that time. Maybe? I'm 15. I have a goal. I'm 15. And then, can you see some shapes? I can. I can do it next time. Just say, hey, just hold it twice. Hey, Hi, everyone. What's up? I haven't watched the nationality. Today is our nationality TV show. EP 2152. I don't know. I don't know. I think it's pretty cool. Because I think I'm afraid of the outside world. I'm afraid of the effect. Otherwise, the outside world is actually cooler. I think there's water outside. There's a hot water coming out from the water. And then I'm like, hey, everybody. I'm Froggy. Yeah. This is Froggy Radio. Episode 215. Welcome to my show.
(13:58~14:58) Yeah. I'm your host, Froggy. The low-level sound. The low-level sound. It feels good, right? Okay, I'm just kidding. Just say it casually. I don't know what to do next. Anyway, there must be a way to help yourself. And then do some... What's that called? An emergency report. No, no. The result is announced. At that time, there will be this... What did I just say? High-end muscle. But I hope that time there will be something like this. I hope. I'm talking too much now. Will you expect too much? In the end, you'll see something that's not a fake. Everyone will think this level is also talking about it. I don't know. Because some people actually watch my show through the podcast. So I've already made this forecast. So if you remember, one day you saw a theme called Summer Body. And then you just pulled the thread. Look at this. If you hear this level through the podcast, please remember to open the image. To see how Qiu Yijie's performance is now. I was thinking about something. Do I have to do before and after now? Actually, I think it's okay to do before and after now.
(14:58~15:58) Because if it's a month before, my before will look more exciting. It's really bad. Of course, it's not that good now. But you know, it's much better than a month before. It's okay. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do it. It's not embarrassing to watch. It's not embarrassing to watch. It's not embarrassing to watch. It's just a bit sad. It's okay. Forget it. Just be a joke. Don't talk about this. And then Liang You Rui said the podcast is getting popular. You're really great. You can tell. How many people have seen this? I really have. I really have. I'm really content. I'm going to do a month less than 3 kg. A month less than 3 kg. You have to know that I'm not from 120 to 116 kg. It's not that kind of fat and then cut to 3 to 4 kg. No. I'm now now the general control is I originally didn't eat a cup. I'm now 3 kg. This is a problem. You know that. Alright. Masumi, go and see my today's information blue. Go and see the information blue. Oh yeah. He's asking this.
(15:58~16:58) April 5. Yeah, April 5. April 5. Or you can just go with you to the beach. 3 small. Really? Yeah. I can try. I can try. I really want to go with me. I'll show you what's usually done in the beach. It's really literally I'll show you directly on the screen when I go to the beach I'm ugly. What's the order of the input? What's the platform? How to slide? How to reply? They're all you know the first hand. The first hand. Alright. That's it. I'll also talk about actually before I did a live stream I talked about some of my mouth I think I've talked about a couple of live streams about some bad places like this. And then and then this this a few days ago I was at his IG he was performing in Australia I really hope I really hope it's a good performance because after all many Chinese friends in Australia because I believe there should be no foreigners who want to see
(16:58~17:58) Chinese performances should be some very lonely Chinese people in Australia because it's usually people who use Chinese to joke so they're in a kind of private mood so if at that time if he did anything embarrassing or bad everyone would feel like why am I wasting this time why are you especially from Taiwan to show us this bad thing I hope he doesn't have this kind of this kind of situation I hope he performs very well from the source when he went to the Australian performance he took a video mainly to scold me and then this I think this is a very kind of interaction and then that's right I used to be lazy to respond to these things anyway, he will talk about him he will talk about me I will talk about him we all have been friends I just think I think this person if he really wants to scold people is a friend but he is not talking to me he went to the Australian performance with the standard on the performance and then directly said use the standard the content on the film to talk about this the gossip
(17:58~18:58) to talk about this person I really want to say that it is really a miracle even the gossip is to be used to talk about really pitiful ok I am here is very grateful even if it is in the Australian performance such an important moment this Wei Wenhua Bridge time point he is willing to spend a little time to take a video to scold me I can only say you are really great I like you very much you are very excellent ok, that's it then I basically last weekend I was playing the electric I played the electric guitar and then the only thing I did was I last week last week I did last week last week on the weekend then that that I this week Saturday on Saturday I was suddenly playing the piano because I was playing the electric guitar I thought I had to go out I forgot which day on the weekend on the weekend I thought I had to go out because it is not easy to have a day
(18:58~19:58) on the weekend I would feel like I should eat with my wife and then interact with her so that there is a kind of family so I was waiting for her to get up she has not been up at 12 o'clock up until late so I will eat with her the whole thing is done it is almost 3 o'clock my heart I feel like it's all done but you know at 7 o'clock at night is not right is 7 o'clock right it should be 7 o'clock actually I want to I want to to be with Li Dila Li Chen Li Dila Li Chen and Xie Gan Gan Da Xi Ya Shi Dai Er and the director of the Yes Wang Da Xi Ya Shi Dai Er I want to eat with them and have a meeting so I thought I would go from 3 o'clock to 7 o'clock only 4 hours I really go where of course there are some faster places like Ping Ling I know some places near the village about an hour you can go there an hour and stay there for 2 hours and then come back this is the safest place and it is not even a surprise
(19:58~20:58) and the other side is the place and then move things down move down until about 3 to 5 minutes so I think there is no challenge there is no feeling of adventure just go to see the river see the mountain I think there is a lot of good and I go many times I have lost the freshness so I suddenly I just I just go up and then I decided I want to go to a place I have not been to I went to the Karamo Chicken Road this place I have not been to in the past this is a near Taipei in the north of the city but you are called very close Yamashin Chongling feeling really very primitive and then I thought looking at the picture feels very bad I want to go see I decided to ride this motorcycle I will go to that place but because it is the first time to go so I spent a little time about an hour and then I went there I may have already 4.30 maybe 5 o'clock I thought I would go first and then I will go in I went in a few steps I found this place is so terrible because that
(20:58~21:58) although it is called a tribe but that tribe is old he is there to pick up some stone stairs there are some places there are some places there are some places there are some places there are stone stairs but those stone stairs do not say grow green grass grow grass basically break it has a big break is directly if you do not see your feet will fall into you may be broken because that big and deep and then the road small one just like that next to it is a cliff a long way you fall down like this and you are also a trotter and I went there I saw the entrance to the Karamo about 10 cars and then there are several cars are police cars and several cars are fire trucks and other things so I went down I asked next to it is standing the entrance of one of the people I do not know what I asked him please what happened here? he said someone when you walk down fall down and now we have to save him and then
(21:58~22:58) and then I said so this step can you still walk? he said you can you can now go I was confident I thought oh yes I should come here I was very wild actually I thought I saw someone fall down and fall down and then there are old men you should go home I did not go home I said no I came here I packed my bags I put all my things there and I was going to cook dinner I wanted to cook white vegetable pork hot pot I put all these things in my bag I was ready to go so I think I do not regret I went forward I thought I should go I think I started to be scared because because I met a place in five minutes it was a cliff but the road has been broken and then because of the rain and the road because of the mountain it became a small waterfall I wanted to go through the waterfall and then walk into the waterfall I thought what is this is this person walking? this is impossible I was in that
(22:58~23:58) that that that small waterfall I was a little bit slippery I fell down I just went down I thought impossible but I still walked I was very wild I said be careful I should and then I went back because I really did not walk later I found out because his signage is also very clear and then that and left and right because he actually there are several different ancient ancient there is a Karamogi ancient there is a Hopper anyway in the middle will be divided several times I have been thinking that there is even a place where there is no signage because I finally went to a valley that is a jungle hide and then I want to go to a valley that valley actually I saw Google any place so you have to find yourself that where to cut down but fortunately because I went to the middle when I met a group of young people that group of young people I asked him are you just going to the jungle? he said yes we are going home they told me that
(23:58~24:59) where to cut down there is a broken tree so you see a broken tree you have to find maybe there is a way to go down and then I thought that very interesting and then I continued to go simply like playing adventure games you know but anyway I finally got there but the problem is I want to talk about those young people I want to talk about something I do not know if they are listening to this program maybe not I do not know but they have all recognized we still take a photo together but how do you know these young people you know because at that time I went to the Kalamoc because that is a place called Taipei I really wanted to do this and then there is no light here so I really want to say it should be just pull the chain and then you can cut down but I want to say do you want to wait a really sure safe place to do this I have been hesitating thinking about it but I walked about 25-30 minutes I really think it is not going to work
(24:59~25:59) I am already thinking about when I should pull the chain I have been thinking about this you should pull the chain but your hand is not moving the young people just walk out I really had a kind of fighting luck it is not because I am just thinking about it if that moment I pulled the chain I am not kidding this is really what I talked about the feeling of the real I already pulled down but they saw me they said it was a scratch and then I still got fresh that it is really not necessary to take a photo everyone will be embarrassed to say goodbye to each other but I'm not gonna do this so I realized even at such a This kind of mountain-like view of the bird's-eye view You have to be careful when you're walking on the ground Alright The sound of the crickets and the sound of the deer are all gone The sound of the crickets and the sound of the deer Is that it? I don't know Okay, forget it I'm sorry, I read it wrong
(25:59~27:01) Anyway, that's it But I finally arrived at that place I arrived at the summer spot I found it and the summer spot was very steep You might think it's impossible to go down like this But I still went down But because there was no sign of the road So when I was going down I was wondering if I was walking the wrong way What if I had to go up later? But I was still very wild I was very wild I decided to go down But luckily, I didn't make a mistake I finally found the valley I arrived at the valley at around 5 o'clock I think I forgot I arrived at 5 o'clock I finally arrived Because it's a bit tiring to go in But it took me about 40 minutes to get there When I went down I looked at the watch You know, you can check the watch You can also check the phone The time of the day I remember the time of the day It was around 6 o'clock I actually wanted to cook there I had dinner and then went home
(27:01~28:02) But because I saw the roadside of the valley I was very sure that I would know If I had to go down the valley I might not be able to go home I should have died there So I calculated I arrived at 40 minutes I went back to the valley I might have to walk longer I might have to walk 10 minutes more If I had to go down the valley I would have to go down the valley So what does it mean? Actually, I was about 5 o'clock I was about to leave I was about to leave I was about to leave I arrived at 40 minutes But I really felt very bad I was very bad Actually, at that time There were four people The other four young people were also recording there Because it was the weekend Many people wanted to go there So in such a good time on the weekend Only four people That means this place is already deserted I think there are four people who I recognize But they are a little embarrassed to say hello to me I have a little bit of a rush I don't want to talk to them too much Because I will definitely be embarrassed
(28:02~29:04) But I still only use the last 15 minutes I took the chair The combination Take out my bubble coffee props Very fast and then boil hot water Then, coffee Then drink a cup I only drank two I want to enjoy it a little Maybe two minutes When I was in a hurry I still didn't want to turn it over Turn it over But I thought it was okay So I immediately Just 10 minutes I will use the remaining 5 minutes To take out the chair Then pack it all Put it in the bag Then I carry it That bag Walk back Walk back Then those young people I saw me leaving I called a call Then I thought at that time They must think Is it a pose It's a You know, the perfect Then run to a beautiful point Take a picture The person who will go home It looks really handsome
(29:04~30:04) Then actually no I am a real risk-gatherer I even have such a short time I am willing to start I think my risk-gatherer Really very powerful So if there is such a misunderstanding I feel sorry I hope you don't think so Anyway, I have a hard time I'll go back Because the next live The wife is really tired Then in 40 minutes I went back again at 7 o'clock Then it was about 6 o'clock 6 o'clock Probably 10 minutes Then I think about an hour Drive back That meeting place Maybe a little late I think it's okay But at the moment I'm also laughing Because I think about it I was originally here It's also blowing They still have my vegetables The meat is almost broken Can I just leave like this? At that time Actually I have returned to the exit of the Karamogi Department There is a Boil Road outside Boil Road's Boil Road There is a mountain road I suddenly sat on that Boil Road
(30:04~31:05) Then there was a water that was still alive Then the soup bag I decided to boil that hot pot I want to say I'm going to cook this thing in 20 minutes Then I'll finish it in 10 minutes Then I'll take it down I decided to do this thing I know this is here Don't be angry now I know I was late that day Then But it's not because of this I actually thought about it But because that mountain road is very steep I just poured the water Then boil the soup until half I haven't boiled it When I didn't throw away the things I accidentally held a cup That straight The pot was turned over The whole water spilled out And I didn't have any excess water So I took out the meat and vegetables I took it back and put it in I spent 5 minutes in the front and back From the beginning to the end I spent 5 minutes I just thought I didn't have enough to go home So Then I started to take the mountain road But because the sky was too dark The road was not very steep So I took a few Five-way Boil Road When I get down When I see the crab liver
(31:05~32:05) The original date is 7 o'clock But actually Actually it's already 8 o'clock I'm really sorry I'm really sorry Hey! Do something So you really won't let it Because I can't for me to know Hey If I want you bad I'll tell you before you go See you I swear there's something Something soft for me to know Like I've known you all this time That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it If you don't want it, you can wear it If you feel it, you should let it If you leave it, you should let me know If you can't, then I'll answer If you're scared, I'll be changed I've got a question, I'll be answered
(32:05~33:05) I saw you, I saw you I got to, got to, get me Keep on I call it like I see it And you look just like a dream girl You got a face like film Great if you leave like such a dream See you I swear there's something So familiar Like I've known you all this time See you I swear there's something So familiar
(33:05~34:09) Like I've known you all this time That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it You can get it if you feel it, you should let it if you leave it, you should let me know If you're dancing on the dancer, I feel the skin on the chance, I've got a question on the answer Oh, I saw you, now you, got to, got to be mine I found out that music is weird
(34:09~35:14) I got to know you all this time, got to, got to, got to be mine I just found out that this is not my song, this is definitely our cat, he's the DJ player, so his voice is a bit off Daisy said he's a strong player, so I know, I know, I'm sorry, is it my fault? I just thought that music is weird, so I thought, sorry, sorry, sorry And then I'll share a little story with you, sorry, I'll tell you, although I'm going to talk about politics this week I still have some boring stories, so if you want to talk about something, please let me know
(35:14~36:15) Or you can remind me, I think you can talk about something, or you can ask me something I was so surprised that you were talking about politics, not politics, I'm not a political demon I just suddenly got the feeling of talking about politics, because I'm the one who doesn't have to do anything If I find out that the topic of this week is too bad, I'll just pull all the things that I've reported If I really want to talk about this week, there are a lot of things, right? You see, Trump's tax tax is too much, but I know about boring things, I know about boring things That's the thing that's really boring, that's actually what I should have put in the previous conversation That Sunday, but I completely forgot about this, but I suddenly thought about it a few days ago I think it's pretty interesting, because at the last Sunday, except for family, family's ceremony At the end, when it comes to the public meeting, you can go to all the units or individuals to celebrate this Sunday Of course, at the beginning, you have to see the organizations, for example, if there are members, I'll just come over as a member
(36:15~37:16) At that time, of course, the biggest group is what? It's the community, it's the community of the people who are invited to come up That's what the private sector is saying, the community is the leader, because he's the boss of the community Next, it's about dozens, maybe about 50 or 60 actors in the community Then they all follow the butt and go to the party together It's a big group of people I think it's reasonable here, because I'm not the member of the party, I'm the member of the party I'm not the member, so I just follow the butt and go to the middle I just follow the butt and go to the middle and then I just follow the butt and go to the middle Okay, that's it, but the next one is about satire The representative of satire, the private sector is starting to talk about it, because we have to talk about the representative The representative of satire is Dr. Zeng When I talk about it, I can really hear how many people laugh Dr. Zeng, who?
(37:16~38:17) It's obvious that the private sector may not care much about Taiwan's network or the washroom Because Dr. Zeng may be the first person to wash the area in Taiwan So if he sees Dr. Zeng, the representative of satire, he can read it out like this For example, he really doesn't know who it is When I saw Dr. Zeng, everyone was laughing But this is not what I want to talk about, I think it's a very interesting point When he talked about Dr. Zeng, except for Dr. Zeng, he was actually the one who was with Dr. Zeng There was only one person behind him, and there was nothing else When I was looking at the situation, I was thinking about a question Actually, this is not because the people in satire are not good, it's not the reason It's actually very interesting, I think it's completely different from the closed system and the open system Because actually, this community has not signed any washroom actors We also have not signed any actors, actually we have some better input cooperation Of course, in the past, we have not helped anyone make any money There is no one who has made any money in the community performance Maybe a little bit of money for the little bell, but money is really no way
(38:17~39:17) It is to provide a platform for everyone here to talk happily, play happily, listen happily That's all, there is nothing else that is higher In fact, there is a cool place in satire, it actually lets some of the washroom actors Get a very good income I think it's a very important thing for a business development But also because of such a relationship When talking about satire and its members, they don't dare to follow It's not because they think satire is bad It's because no one will feel sorry to say that I have a good relationship with satire You have to remember that satire is not a satire position But it has a big relationship with Dr. Zeng It's the second or third act The second act is actually to change the situation of the closed It's when he was going to make the second or third act Many actors who were playing there were crying They said, we like to perform on the stage, but we don't have it Where do you want me to go in the future? Do you want me to go to the Carmichael? Maybe some people will have this kind of complain Maybe some people have it, but they didn't tell it Not sure, many people are super dissatisfied There was a group of shows and people were scolding these things
(39:17~40:18) People felt it was not cool It's like a drama I think it's not clear to the public So it's a pity that they all want to perform there But when we really want to say that we have nothing to do with the second or third act People will not say it Because everyone knows that this is a very crazy attitude So although we want to be in that place We want to have a little relationship with him But we don't dare to say that we have any relationship with him I just thought that this is the two main comedy systems in Taiwan In the current situation You can suddenly see that there is a huge difference in the style It's very casual You have to say you are a Carmichael Or not a Carmichael Everyone is okay, no one cares On the other hand, no one can say that they are satire But in the past, there was something interesting on this website But because satire is indeed the most successful organization in the industry So this brand is also the most understanding of the outside world
(40:18~41:18) Because of this relationship Basically, in this society, if anyone hates comedy actors Tends to do something wrong in the comedy circle Everything becomes a mistake of satire Although satire is actually the least person to have He actually has actually signed an agreement with him Actually few is less But everyone is But this is a very interesting thing I have been watching the boring observation recently And I can't get my brother to sign it today The reason is because my pen today I can't connect my iPad I don't know why Nothing happened Another boring thing I was recording a film When I was recording the Star Wars I suddenly thought of a funny thing Because there is a certain content in Star Wars Just mentioned this Then I suddenly got curious I was doing a experiment at the moment I was just asking I was looking for a girl I asked her Do you know this person? She said she knows
(41:18~42:20) I said you know her Do you know her background? Can you imitate her? Pretend you are a street dog And then answer my question She said okay, no problem I just read her answer I think it's funny I told her Can you imitate yourself as a street dog Talk to me about things? The person will answer Of course, please allow me to speak the name of street dog I am a street dog Excuse me The online case is using useless audiobook You may adopt the online copy of cartoon So you might use your original С I was thinking Really? Really? Really? Then I asked him how he would view the current National Party. Ok, then... I can answer the question.
(42:20~43:20) When Yu Nai talks about the current National Party, he is very moved by the current CPC. Let me talk about the question first. I will explain later. Back then, Yu was the president of the CPC, who ruled China, and supported the three main races, and supported the Communist Party, and defended the political party of China. But now, the CPC is in a state of displeasure. Yu Nai is the current CPC, and now, the CPC is in a state of displeasure. He is really imitating the question. I don't know if I am a professional or not. I am not sure if the answer is correct. The internal party is in a state of displeasure. It is not able to unite. It is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is more ridiculous than the Communist Party. Yu Nai has been in a state of displeasure for several times. He is really in a state of displeasure. He is in a state of displeasure, and he is in a state of displeasure. The three main races have been in a state of displeasure.
(43:20~44:21) They have been in a state of displeasure. Before the CPC, the CPC was in a state of displeasure. The CPC was in a state of displeasure. It is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and it is hard to fight against the CPC, and so the CPC was in a state of displeasure during the day's match in London. I want to say it anyway, to feel it is form common今 as we said earlier, it is not his story, but his insight should flourishing directly to the Folk Princess shed light He wrote too clearly and was trying to suite 어때 Let's ask anyway, the personone deep sleep kept the text as it is gwelty after the season,
(44:21~45:21) I feel like this kind of artificial intelligence is a bit of a lie. It seems to be talking about something, but it's not. But this is not the point. Because I mentioned another question. Because the next question is... Can you recall what I just talked about? Did you find something weird? Did anyone find something weird? Because I think there is a weird place. I will ask him a question. The National Party is created by Sun Zhongshan, right? Are you lying? Because... I will look back and see what he is talking about. He wrote, Back then, the founding of the Chinese Communist Party. The same kind of Chinese. This is not made by Jiang Jianshi. This is Sun Zhongshan. This is made by Sun Wen. Do you think I am not independent? I will ask Gork directly. Is it created by Sun Zhongshan? Are you lying? Let's see what he is going to answer. Haha, the next person is actually Mingrui. The name of the fish is Jiang Jianshi. Almost a poet. Damn, you are so good at poetry. He is a liar. I am thinking about
(45:21~46:38) Gork, don't... I really hope that you can write something that is really funny. Let me have a new ear. And even make a joke. For example, I will say I will use Gork to imitate Jiang Jianshi. Come on, everyone. National Party, Blue and White, listen to it. Gork is talking like this. Isn't he the one who likes to listen to artificial intelligence? Because I always think that there are some low-level people on the Internet. They don't learn anything. They will use artificial intelligence to answer and say, look, you are a human. You listen to artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence is your tool. It is your tool to help you. How can you make it become like, look, listen to his opinion. You will be led by Matrix, by Muti in the future. In short, he wrote this. I saw it at that time. I thought, look, you don't have to look at it later. He is lying. He said something. He said something and then he found out. He is really Mingrui. Anyway, I will read it again. He actually wrote it quite long. But I will read one of them.
(46:38~47:38) Do you know what? I now find that many people say that robots don't lie to people. People say that they don't lie to people. It is obvious that they are lying. Have you noticed that he is completely he is completely at the left and right. He is actually he clearly knows that I have already touched on him. He said that the National Party of China is not created by you. But he followed it. How to say he said this. He said that by the way, the word created but I am just saying the spirit of the word. I have not had a big difference with his idea. So it is my creation that has nothing to do with it. He means this. He is just a pervert. I think the AI is really scary. I strongly recommend you not to trust him too much. He is lying to you. Because I have met some friends. He has already started. I really have friends who have started to think that he is talking to his AI. He is a wolf. Yes, the wolf and the cat. The cat and the cat. The cat and the cat. The cat and the cat. The cat and the cat. The cat and the cat. The cat and the cat.
(47:38~48:53) The cat and the cat. The cat and the cat. I have Minsu That's it. So I just want to... How should I put it? I want to play a song. I want to play a song for the staff. Okay? I'll play this song for the staff. This song is from Barnai. Do you know who you are? I'll give it to everyone. And the staff members who are talking to you. I'll give it to everyone.
(48:53~50:08) Will there be no one to answer? Is this what you think? Can you change everything? Do you often feel scared? Do you often think of a way? Why? From the complicated, the light and the battle. The black and white truth that can't be solved. Can you think for yourself? Why? Is it easy to change? Or is it not? It will be a different story in your mind. Can you think for yourself?
(50:08~51:11) You decided to kiss someone's hair? Is it really already a dream? Can you make yourself calm? Can you make yourself more brave? Why? From the complicated, the light and the battle. The black and white truth that can't be solved. Can you think for yourself? Why? Is it easy to change? Or is it not? It will be a different story in your mind. Can you think for yourself? Why? From the complicated, the light and the battle. The black and white truth that can't be solved.
(51:11~52:31) Can you think for yourself? Why? Is it easy to change? Or is it not? It will be a different story in your mind. Can you think for yourself? Why? Is it easy to change? Is it easy to change? Why?
(52:31~53:33) Can you think for yourself? The story just started from ICU. It started to sing KTV. So I think it's a little bit too exaggerated. But I saw a news. Now Meigu, the poor, is going to die in a flash. How can I not think? I think it's a big deal.
(53:33~54:33) Or you know what you're doing. Or money is not important to you. Or you know, you can have something. But you have to have something good. Don't think for yourself. You have to think for yourself. Don't think so much. But you can't think for yourself. The best thing is that Trump, he was supposed to be in Taiwan this morning. He said he was going to buy a piece of paper. He said it was a good thing. But it's not a trade. It's a national issue. It's a national issue. But I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Is there a problem with the Internet? Did I just say it? I was talking about it. I was locked up by Trump.
(54:33~55:35) Trump, you're trying to make me suffer. I'm not going to do anything. I've said it before. I'm going to make up for it. I have two hands. I'm just going to leave Meigu. I've been locked up for three years. I don't care about him. I can't get into any of these. I don't have the desire to do it. I was talking about Trump. I'm talking about Trump. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to leave Meigu. I'm going to leave him. I've been locked up for three years. I'm not going to do anything. I'm going to put the stock in your account. I've said this before. I think the society is... No matter what the regime is,
(55:35~56:36) it's all weak. The government is at 150% and China is at 125%. This is the thing. You can't laugh at the student. Every year, there's a show in Japan. You can't laugh at anything. If you don't laugh, you're going to be beaten up. But there's a person in the show who's sweet. He's not a beat-up. He's a tycoon. I'm in that state. People are all beat-ups. But China is the same. We're talking about the tycoon. Why are you beating him up? Why are you beating him up? MAP-025 is just a short story. It's impossible. Turn it off and restart. Please turn it off and restart. You can't do anything. I'm not my problem.
(56:36~57:38) I think Google Server... Google Server might be crazy. Maybe Google is crazy. Google is crazy. It's hard to say. I'm going to buy it right now. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. Okay. Let's talk about... I think everyone knows where we're going. President Trump said he thinks there are problems with trade. He wants to solve the problem. He wants to take the position of a judge. He wants to deal with the problem with the tax. But why? Is it a joke? I talked about this topic in the last episode. We don't care.
(57:38~58:38) President Trump wants to solve the problem. There are some differences in countries. Taiwan and China are 30%. They are all higher-level. They are the top-ranked countries. Some are lower-ranked. Some are 10%. Most countries are scared. Everyone wants to open the door of the agreement. The global economy is going to collapse. Let's discuss this. Some people want to discuss this. But some countries are more strong. They want to fight against you. For example, the EU. They want to fight against you. Canada and Mexico are... China is more fierce. China wants to know how much you are willing to do. How much you want to do. China is going to say...
(58:38~59:38) You said you are only 30%. Now you are 125%. How about you? You are 10%. It is like... When you are in a discussion, the boss will give you a little bit. It is $1000. The boss will tell you that it is $1000. Do you want to buy it? Boss, don't do this. I just want to buy it. It is $900. It is just a small amount. It is a heavy feeling. The boss will give you a little bit. The EU wants to fight against you. The boss will say... We are going to talk about 90 days. They will say... We are going to talk about 90 days. We are going to talk about 95 days. We are going to talk about each other. We are going to talk about each other. I have made a lot of differences. For example, China will go to Australia. You said that this person is very hungry. We are going to talk about the economic cooperation.
(59:38~60:39) So, do we want to cooperate to fight against the US? Australia will kick him out of the country. They will say... I don't want to. I want to fight against the US. I don't want to fight against the US. I want to fight against the US. I saw a lot of netizens fighting against the US. I thought it was weird. What are they thinking? They think that the attitude of China is handsome and cool. They want the government to fight against the US. Or they want to help us to support China. They want to help us to agree on the situation. They think China will show the positive side of Taiwan. They want to show the strong power to fight against the US. But I think this is really weird. Is China better for Taiwan? China is not better for Taiwan. The US is bad for Taiwan. I have talked about this before. Today, there is no one in the international relations. No one is making friends. It depends on who is more valuable to each other.
(60:39~61:39) So, you must work hard to make yourself valuable. At the same time, you must use others' value. It must be this situation. No one is making friends. No one is treating you as a mother. It doesn't matter who you are. It doesn't matter who you are. It doesn't matter who you are. It doesn't matter who you are. Everyone is doing this for their own country. Do you think that Trump or Biden or any other US official may stand in Taiwan's corner and say Taiwan is so poor? Let's take care of him. No one thinks like this. The first priority must be the US. The US will think about it. Let's see what Taiwan does with the US interests and the future. What can we do together? There is only this possibility. There is nothing else. It must be like this. So, when they are talking about it, I think China is good for Taiwan. China has heard that they want to attack Taiwan. It's a very different thing. At this point, you think that the US is very bad to us. China... When the US is very bad to us, you think that you want to be aggressive. When China is very bad to us, why do you suddenly become and say, why do you want to challenge them? We should go and talk to them. We should communicate with them. What is this weird dualism? The same is very bad to us. I tell you, the whole world is bad.
(61:39~62:39) It's bad to us. The same is very bad to us. Why do you and China want to talk about it? Why do you want to fight the US? What is the reason? There is no reason for this. I think it's either brain-wrecking or having some special instruction that makes it better. Otherwise, I can't think of any reason. There is no reason. I don't think you should believe in the US. I think it's the same as believing in the US. In a sense, like what Ke Jianmin said, there are only 10% of the final budget. Because everyone scolded him at that time, saying that there are only 10% of the final budget. Now everyone is saying that Ke Jianmin is really a good person. I don't think it's possible. I don't think so. I don't know what to say. There are many possibilities. Perhaps he has some news. He decided to make a report. He wants to talk about this. It's possible. But the problem is, I think it's possible that he is not responsible for anything. He said that he was right. Because Ke Jianmin said that he was right every time. He didn't say anything wrong. He did many things. I didn't agree with him. I said this before. Like the last time I talked about the public meeting. I was so wrong. I think Ke Jianmin you can't say 10%
(62:39~63:39) because he said it right. You think it's right. He said it right. I have a question. Today, Trump said you are a good buyer. He said it right. Everyone said America has a big stage in the next round. Now Dao Qiong continues to break the 707 point. What's going on? How do you see this? Trump today is not just a paper. He is saying it's a good buyer. After the stock market rose, Trump is still making a paper. He made a paper. I tell you, it's not over yet. There are many good things to do. Everyone is waiting to see. Look. Next, Dao Qiong is breaking the 707 point. Of course, it's not over yet. The world is not over yet. So what's behind it? Better yet to come. What's going to happen in the future? I really don't know. Maybe there's still waiting. Everyone is waiting to see. But I really think at this time you should believe the United States. It's not right. I tell you, believe the United States. Believe Biden. It's a very meaningless thing. Today, everything will happen.
(63:39~64:40) It's all international reality. Biden is never a person who can trust his opponent. But it doesn't mean we can't communicate with him. Because you just have to communicate with him. Because today, the situation in Taiwan is so difficult. I think since we all know the situation in Taiwan is very difficult, I'm not saying the government must do anything right. You have to encourage him. He must have done a lot of stupid things, many wrong things. But don't go to the back of the car where there is no need. I'm just following this situation. Taiwan is basically living in the world. What is it like? We just have to work hard. Work hard to win all kinds of limited opportunities. I'm telling you, don't blame other American or Chinese for doing this. This is not the point. Today, in Taiwan, all of us are doing bad things. You have to think about it. You are a class. If you are a class, international society is a class, you know, there is always a very annoying guy in class. His family may be poor. He doesn't usually shower. His parents don't teach him well. So you think he is very rude. He is ugly. When you are in elementary school, there are always two students like him.
(64:40~65:40) People are always super bad. The grades are also very bad. Everyone may be careless in school. They don't want to be with him. They don't want to be with him. Don't say bad guys. Maybe they are not as bad as bad guys. But basically, everyone is very cruel because they are small. So they think I don't want to get close to him. And the basketball also ignored his existence. Is there such a thing? I'm telling you, Taiwan is that person. If you are under that situation, you are the worst kid in class. You have to know that you can't live on. You have the right to live on. But you have to work harder to pay more attention to others. There is no way to be realistic. When you were in elementary school, you may not think clearly. But when you are in high school, you haven't figured it out yet. There is no way. You just have to do it. That's how Taiwan is. I think no one has ever taken it out of this problem and turned into a man who is always on the top. Don't talk about man. It's a problem of gender. It's a society that is always on the top. It must have been like this.
(65:40~66:40) How did you do that? You have to work harder than others. That's how Taiwan is. There is no other way. So I think it's better to be on the top. Or you can communicate with the US and say it's a good thing. It's not like that. It's so easy to survive. It's a good thing. Do you think it's easy to be sweet? You can ask those male colleagues. Do you think it's easy to be sweet? It's not easy. It's not that easy. It's a technology. You have to learn it. I really see these every time. I don't care which side it is. The level of language is so stupid. It's just a simple blow. I think there is a big problem. I think this society is too much for people to watch. This is my expression today. I really think this is a problem for people to watch. So everyone is looking forward to this society. I hope
(66:40~67:41) I can have a simple, violent and direct answer. For example, I saw China going to the US and they were super handsome. I've always thought the most handsome in this society is not those who are going to be handsome. I've seen a lot of people who are handsome. There are few people who can do good things. There are many people who can do things. Those who want to get the results are actually not the ones who are going to be handsome. I think those who can get the purpose they want to achieve are the real handsome people. They are not the ones who are going to be handsome. And you know, the feeling is like those Chinese-style photos. I think the kind of people who are going to be handsome in the US are the kind of people who are like a dragon-like ancient palace on the top of the hall. And the western-style bamboo and Trump standing on the top of the hall.
(67:41~68:41) When he walked in, he was walking around the country. Every one was like Trump is so big. He really looks so handsome. It's really a master who has been practicing for a long time. Everyone started to promote him there. And then suddenly there was a little guy wearing red clothes. He was washing the dishes. He was washing the dishes. He was walking up the small screen. He was talking to him directly. He was like, Wait a minute. He said, he was just going to stop him. He said, I don't want to. And then he was talking to himself and said, This guy even didn't even break the first barrier. He was still a little boy who was still playing the game. He wanted to challenge our master. He didn't know that he had already broken the nine barrier. He was about to start with the language. He was still trying to challenge him. He was laughing. I didn't expect that young man would have already been the god of Phoenix. So at that time,
(68:41~69:41) he was still playing the game. But he actually broke the ten barrier. And then I think everyone wants to see this thing. He wants to see this thing. So when Trump called the god of Phoenix and said 125% they expected Xi Jinping to just make it 200% for you. It's impossible. It's impossible to have this kind of thing. Do you know why that kind of thing is so terrible? I think it's the heart of the rich. It makes people think this society, because many people like this kind of cheating, is because people usually don't live well. But it can't find a reason. It doesn't know what to do and it doesn't know what to do. So he wants a simple answer. He just has to get a unique opportunity. For example, he ate a big plate. Or he has a very powerful boss. His voice makes him born to be a god. Because these actually have nothing to do
(69:41~70:54) with his own efforts. You can see these cheating, usually the main characters have their own efforts. They have nothing to do with it. They are all luck. But you are his mother. She is so strong. She is so strong. No matter those people, they are all hardworking. They don't care. Anyway, I am just a little bit of a liar. This answer is so beautiful. But in fact, I think this reality can't be done like this. Especially in Taiwan, you are that ugly kid on the class. You are still watching me cheating. You really gave me a lot of money in this life. You are not worth it. I will tell you. That's it. This is what I want to share with you today. My little feeling. I hope you can wake up soon. And then this song is called Wake Up.
(70:54~71:55) I didn't want to feel cause life felt too hard. Now it's all a game that I don't understand. Wake up. With some more to see, scream, smile, smile. Cause they are all watching. Shake up, shake down. They can't hear you scream. Smile, smile. Let you hear me sing. I don't know how to feel cause anyone these days even care. If the next man's life is dead, I didn't want to look the day that's too hard. I feel like something's changed
(71:55~72:55) but I can't understand. Wake up. With some more to see, scream, smile, smile. Cause they are all watching. Shake up, shake down. They can't hear you scream. Smile, smile. Let you hear me sing. I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel Wake up. With some more to see,
(72:55~73:58) scream, smile, smile. Cause they are all watching. Shake up, shake down. They can't hear you scream. Smile, smile. Let you hear me sing. Let you hear me sing. I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel cause I don't know how to feel
(73:58~75:00) cause I don't know how to get ouri and our So we do join. Cause consider it is Here your name in my brain, just me and you I have no time to talk about too many stories, so I'm thinking about this. I will put a script on the set, but it's a real complete version on the live broadcast. I will do it later on. So there will be a next one.
(75:00~76:00) But I'm still thinking about the KTV script, which is to establish a new story line. It's still the story before, I have to continue. Actually, I haven't made a decision yet. But I'm thinking about it. But I actually think I have to... But I have a song I've decided to release. Do I have to say it? Will it break the script? Forget it, I don't want to say it. I think I have a song I've already... But I think I have a song I've decided to release. Because I've already thought about it. I have to say it in a quiet way. So I will release that song. That's it. And then... Okay, release the song and go to sleep. No, it must be very exciting. And then... I'm actually watching the show. I should have told a little bit about the plot. I can tell a little bit about the plot. I don't know if I will be able to tell it. Okay, I will tell a little bit about the plot. I haven't finished watching it yet. I think I might be able to finish watching it in 20 minutes. I haven't finished watching the show yet. So I don't know what the ending is. But I've been thinking about this. Because the show is actually quite popular before the show. I didn't go to the cinema to watch it.
(76:00~77:01) But there are a lot of people who have discussed it. I actually watched it on Netflix. I have a feeling that Guo Fucheng has two characters in it. One is the father of the main character. But it was many years ago. And he died. Because this is a very previous plot. So I don't think this is too violent. Sorry, I will be violent next. But there is another character in the show. After the child grew up, he acted like a villain. But it's obvious that at least it seems that there are two different people. He is just a character with two different characters. It doesn't have anything to do with him. But they have made a big difference. So you have to take a look at it carefully and you will realize that the two characters are the same person. But I always have a very original feeling. Because I clearly know that these two are Guo Fucheng. One is the father of the main character. The other is the main character, the most important villain. You all think that there is a secret setting. For example, he is his father. I think he didn't do this before. I always think it's weird. There is a kind of they are fighting very fiercely. They talk about various things. I always think that
(77:01~78:02) it's just a black and white thing. It's weird. It's just... Isn't that Guo Fucheng? Isn't that Guo Fucheng? I always think that he is Guo Fucheng. I think he looks like Guo Fucheng. Wow, he is also a blind man. Holy shit. I admit that I was wrong. I always thought... I always thought... Why do I always think that he is Guo Fucheng? I always thought that Guo Fucheng did a very special form. The beard and hairstyle were very sharp. So I was wrong. I was fine. I was talking about those nonsense. I feel so embarrassed. I thought I was talking about those things. But I was actually a low-key person. I'm sorry. I don't think it's a good idea to say that Guo Fucheng is handsome. I think this film is good. But I think
(78:02~79:03) in my mind, compared to the five-shot film I've watched, I think it's about 75%. I think that I rarely saw any kind of five-shot film. I saw the sense of silence when I saw the first one. If you haven't seen it, you can go and find it. The first time I saw it, I was like... I was like... Stop this. There are people who are handsome were folk. I experienced what I know. It's not a typical situation. But I'm Dad. I think that in The E 알고, it's also very easy to create a clip. If you watch a lot of film, you'll know even when you're pourquoi you had such a act. You'll see some recognizable characters in The EAc Once. This is a very important part of the process. But it's a bit too much. So I have to be more self-conscious. You know, more self-consciousness.
(79:03~80:03) For example, when I'm 157cm tall, I have to be 97cm tall. That's how I can see myself. Otherwise, if I have to use my normal self-consciousness to watch a video, I would think I'm a low-key person. But I'm still pretty good at 75cm. Especially in these few years, Hong Kong is pushing for commercial films. The capacity is getting lower. So I still think I'm a very sensitive person. And there are so many actors in the film. And they don't have much. But there are many actors that are very friendly. I feel really cool after watching them. That's it. Actually, I think although Hong Kong's ability to push for commercial films is really low in these 10 years, but I feel that in these two years, I still have some good films to show. So I think it's like a sort of bottom line. It's the same thing. There are bottom lines. I just want to give them some money and some opportunities. I think it's still possible to have a very low-key film. That's it. The bad reputation is also good.
(80:03~81:03) So I think in these two years, Hong Kong has a little bit of fire. It's actually good. I haven't watched the film yet. I don't know why. And then... Sasha said that I think the part of the person who gets the most out of it is because of the quality. Because I think it's because I think when I see half of it, I realize I have to get rid of it. So I suddenly think that this is a wealth of money. So I was in the 90s. Actually, I didn't get rid of it in the 90s. I didn't get very basic. Because if we, in general, have an IQ test, 97 is the ability of ordinary people. And then, it's more than 120. 157 is super genius. Even if you have a IQ test, in the IQ test, you are really a bad person. That's it. I don't want to say anything. I actually have something boring to talk about today. I saw a female actress who worked with Sasha.
(81:03~82:03) And she was actually questioned. I feel a little sad. Because I think this is very clear. Because of the problem of the middle-class, so some people started to argue. Is it because we have been overestimated in Taiwan? I don't mean overestimated. Some people, for example, they have some Chinese identity and they actually violate the law of Taiwan. And then maybe they have been left in Taiwan. Some people really feel it. Like the one who went to the big island before, the one who had the name. What was the name? I forgot. It was a white lion of the heart. He was rushing in. I went to the street to talk to him. I went to the big island and I just met him. I just met him when I was talking. He drove out the car. He was there, shouting and opposing the big island.
(82:03~83:03) I think democracy, whatever you want to oppose, you can say what you want to say. But because I think of the old law of the island, and the situation of the island, I was so blind. So I took the car and the car was moving. I went to his place and stopped there and I made a bell. I didn't make a bell. I thought about it. I made a bell. I was riding the car. I forgot his name. I was thinking about it. He was a Chinese. He was a Chinese. He was a Chinese. He was a Taiwanese. His parents were Chinese. His parents were Taiwanese. His parents were Taiwanese. His parents were Taiwanese. I'm not sure about his father's identity.
(83:03~84:03) There are many similar situations in Taiwan. For example, in Taiwan, whether it's love or marriage, or other situations, he got married after a Chinese woman's relationship. He gave birth to a child in China. They went back to Taiwan. The child has always been in Taiwan. He always felt the same way. He never thought he was an exception for Taiwanese. But he got a letter from a fan asking him to give a statement that he didn't want to be a part of the Chinese relationship. But he was quite surprised. He was like, I don't know what to prove. He never thought about it. Of course, he asked why he suddenly had this situation. According to the media, there are about 10,000 people in Taiwan who received this letter. Some people may be loyal. They must give a statement
(84:03~85:03) to the Chinese couple. But for him, he was a descendant of the new resident. For example, I've talked about this before. I think Taiwan has always been a name for the new resident. The new resident is a name that was invented later. I call it a name. I think it's not very friendly. I think it's a good idea to understand the motive and the reason for the new resident. But Taiwan is not only not friendly to them. If you ask the Internet, even if you are a fan of Taiwan, they will be crying for the current situation. They will be crying. It's really troublesome to apply for the current situation in Taiwan. I think it's a need to be considered. I think he was questioned by a legal couple or a relative.
(85:03~86:03) He was quite positive. He then made a video and said he had met this situation. He said he was in the process of going to the local unit to vote. Of course, many people said he was deliberately harassing Taiwan and many people scolded him. I felt a bit sad at that time. I think everyone has a new resident. He is from Vietnam, China, and many other countries. They are very ordinary people. They live in Taiwan and grow up in Taiwan. They may be politically positive. They may not be 100% sure that they are a civilized party. They may have different opinions. I don't know if I have asked the question. I don't know if I can ask more than 10,000 people about this. Taiwan is a democratic country. I think it's a great understanding that they have a sense of panic. I think it's reasonable. I want to express how this situation happened.
(86:03~87:03) He doesn't understand. He may also have this information. After all, Taiwan has more than 10,000 people. He said how he dealt with this. Maybe he can take the experience as a reference. I don't think there is anything wrong with the video. There are various versions of the video. Are you going back to China? What about you? Do you really need to take the step? Don't be so afraid. Don't be afraid. I really think Taiwan doesn't need to find this place. I also want to say one thing. You know, the update of the last news that we saw today was the press conference. They said they had to provide a positive statement. They really don't have a Chinese counterpart. I think
(87:03~88:03) the first question is how did the positive statement come? There are not enough information on the Internet. So it's hard to complain. You asked them to do this. But you didn't tell them how to do it. It's not like I lost a ID and I'm not a common person. So I think you need a answer. Indeed, the press conference didn't provide a good SOP. They had a press conference and they said they didn't have to provide a positive statement. They said they didn't have a Chinese counterpart. They said they know that this could cause some trouble. They said they didn't have a positive statement. They had some good intentions. I agree. But we did have a bad place. They said
(88:03~89:03) they didn't want to say they were wrong. I think some people might say they didn't have a positive statement. If I was a member I would ask this question. Why didn't you think about it? I'm responsible for this. I'm not responsible for this. I'm objective. I face some new problems. It's been years and it's been a serious discussion. It's all about the rolling issue. Who is the person who likes to talk about it? It's Ke Wen Zhe. I'm not talking about it. I'm talking about how many times Ke Wen Zhe talked about this. Ke Wen Zhe's logic is too slow to announce. If he told me he loves to talk about it, I would say if I was wrong, I would change. If you think it's right, you can't blame me. But I think it's the best to think about it.
(89:03~90:03) Today, I'm going to talk about which logic you are going to use. If I were a Japanese government or a government, they like to do a thick, like a book. I'll do the document first. Japanese love to do it. If I were to change to American and what do you like? What do you want to write? Write the code first. Make a prototype and see what happens. We'll change it. If you change to American, you can see Trump has made a policy that I'm looking for a D.O.D.G.E. I'll cut a bunch of budget. After that, I'll do the rolling-out process. So the US is going to do this. I think in this world, there are many things that don't have standard answers. Some people like to do
(90:03~91:03) things that are like in the US. I think it's not standard. I don't like to do things like that. I think there are many things that don't have standard answers. But I think in that moment, the pain and panic that others have is also very important. I think this society has become so ungrateful. I can't understand. I'm not just talking about the descendants of these new residents. It's also about the government. Why? Because I think this is the biggest problem. Everyone doesn't... Everyone likes to scold others' double standards. You scold me for my double standards, I scold you for my double standards. But I think this society can basically all double standards. The most obvious point of double standards is that I don't have this double standard. The double standard is that basically, the people who hate you are the people who hate you. I think it's like music is political and political. It's a very obvious double standard. For example,
(91:03~92:03) you can see that there are many people, for example, at that time, he didn't come out to talk. He said, why do you write and speak XIHA? Why do you have to talk about these things and say something like this? Some people will say, this is our XIHA tradition. When Yang Shula came out to talk, he said, Yang Shula, why are you so political? You are talking about the female power. What are you talking about? You have to be political to insult our XIHA. I'll tell you something first. Our style is like this. This is a political discussion. When they are talking about what they like, they will say that this is not political. When others say that you are wrong, and you don't like it, you will find that this ratio is much more than that. One day, we will tell you, don't talk about so much politics. If today is my audience, please don't talk about so much politics. I won't blame you because I know you like soft content, and you don't like it. So I know that your opinion
(92:03~93:03) is not against me. You are just happy for yourself. I also want to satisfy your needs. But I am talking about another kind of society. I think what you are talking about is called politics, so you don't have to talk about it. But often, it's not because it's politics. It's because it's politics that you don't like. Because all the problems you are discussing are actually political problems. If you are talking about the language of the male and the language of the female, it's not a problem. It's politics. It's a political discussion. It's totally wrong. Why can you speak? It's too terrible. I don't think Yang Shui-Wa is good at singing. I think he is not good at singing. At least this song is like this. I don't think that my position is always to defend the rights of others. I also think you are saying this. Yang Shui-Wa wants to say
(93:03~94:03) that you are wrong. I also think that he is doing this without any problem. This is my basic position. I will defend all the rights of others. I will say that you are wrong in the national singing. I will say that you are talking nonsense. I will treat what he is talking about as a counter-offensive. But I won't say that you shut up. I will also say that you are not qualified to discuss politics. I will say that he is talking nonsense. But I will say that he is nonsense. But I won't say that you don't want to tell me these things. I won't predict that his purpose is bad. Although the director will say that I received the money and took 6 million. But I once said that the director took advantage of and became like this today. No. I always say that the director is a good person. But I think he is wrong in many problems. Because my position is to say whatever I want to say. But not every sentence you say is wrong. It's just the right power to speak. I will definitely help you. OK. Don't be serious.
(94:03~95:47) I want to be honest. I will say that I have two songs now. I have two songs now. I haven't decided which song to play. OK. I will tell you. I hope that you can be a good person. OK. Don't believe that there is a power in this world. Qiu Wei Jie is not necessarily right. But Qiu Wei Jie or you or the director or anyone have the power to speak. Remember this. Don't stop others from speaking. That's good. But you don't have to be a good person. Just say it. Be a good person. What about this song? OK. Everyone has to be a independent person. Taiwan should be a independent country.
(95:47~96:47) Although he speaks Chinese but don't you think he speaks like a independent person? I
(96:47~97:47) love you I
(97:47~98:48) I I I I I I I I I I I I I I The same time, the English song name is really called Independent. So it's really a unique song. When I heard it before, I was like, wow, this unique song is so cool. And the back, wow, that feeling of the chicken's lamb. It's really cool. So I actually like this song a lot. But I don't really know this. But when I just listened to it, there was a song that I didn't expect to play. I didn't expect to meet this song today. It's great. Then I'll share it with you. Then Rikoko. Rikoko. Wait, he said, hey, teacher, who's this? He said it was my birthday.
(98:48~99:51) A girlfriend gave me a PS5. You said, can I pass? If you can, you can complete my other two wishes. I can pass. Then there's a song that you can't love the style of the song. What is it called? I can't love the style of the song. I just can't love it. So it won't be in my song. Then suddenly, what is it? Blue-eyes' big red picture. Help me to be a doctor. Big red picture. Then this blue-eyes, what is it called? Help me to be a doctor. Big red picture. This is it. You said big red picture. This song. You want me to play the big red picture. So you already have a singer. I looked around. Oh, why do cats quarrel all of a sudden? But he said, which one is it? Blue-eyes. Blue-eyes. I'll put it first. Nanban Boys. Yes. I still have songs to make. Nanban Boys. I want to go.
(99:51~100:53) I know you very well. But I think we don't have a singer. Do you think he knows me? He doesn't know. 打去他眼膜下筆 直接给我试个直算 大展红图大事亲手提笔之 大展红图搬来翻载办公室 大展红图官工兜点头有料 红云不能总是当头因为当老 打说要玩就要玩得大玩得大点 谁传越大老鼠来做得像 养下宠物 得罪小人没关系得罪君主看不起 四上君子不贪贝得得罪得到 对黑灰烂白刀一有奥 逆流才会谁让传高代 爱才如命的人没有一好多 我说是对兄弟不是普世 细老安知若铭 店老天天有命 烂老拿把双肢 爱上剑子要某个命 可命等待沉迷收命 人情转过玻璃 江湖总是情形色色谁还没点狗病 一个二个阿索喜欢看风景
(100:53~101:55) 烂老听我讲 街头中舞蹈飞掉 烂老要没钱也得等他面往南低 老历史还是NG 到一有道 我是强道的道 便是里面唱K 谁知里面引龙鱼 我送阿索茶具和夜空虾饼 直接给我十个之算 大展红头 大事亲手提笔注 大展红头 搬来翻站搬公司 大展红头 搬公都点头 有料 何名不能总是当头 猫朝 心动混着溜溜大声 men we good 猫朝 七星月 最少被套进我的 He 地名化是我的 cataphone ya love 给你一个代表 现在答应十个农家乐 太平关系 太平淡了 但你 太平淡了 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年 五十年
(101:55~102:56) 彩丁是不是最近加上了在哼的就是这个人的歌 这果然是彩丁的歌 眼眸下笔 直接给我十个指摔 大展红头 大事亲手提笔子 大展红头 搬来翻站搬公司 大展红头 跟公都点头 有料 何名不能总是当头 因为 彩丁前真的很爱在这我明天上什么金山银山 你全都有之类的 感觉歌声跟这个人是一模一样的 所以我觉得是同一个人 因为我跟他一样 我跟他一样 我跟他一样 我跟他一样
(102:56~103:56) 我跟他一样 我跟他一样 我跟他一样 我跟他一样 我跟他一样 我觉得歌声跟这个人是一模一样的 所以我觉得是同一个人 我不知道是不是 反正总是这个男楼 大展红头 总言之呢 我就祝 他的有提到 如果新年就是 系很成功的話 也都会邀请 好 感谢 好啦 就是应该是 应该是吧 我觉得听起来就是同一个人 我刚刚 然后干 不要在那边说什么 比杨素表有料一点 我是不喜欢这样子 才一捧一啦 没必要吧 不要吵架 不要吵架 两个人在吵架 好难过 好啦 三天不睡觉 一个小姨或想请建托使馆 怪起来解答 然后呢
(103:56~105:00) 她说 老板想问 请我2024事实的面 然后有 会 老板在今天卖掉了 对我卖了 但是 昨天有买了 又转了 明天又不值 又要赔了 然后呢 关键案 还是在聊你的冷门信息 应该有比 DAZD 181 更冷门的方号吧 想请瓜吉D&E 说什么 阿玛利 看来 她的年轻人 啊 我们 找找 是这首吗 阿玛利
(105:00~106:00) 哎哎哎 KKK3W 不准改变 直接受 流垂奶威胁 哎 我跟你讲 这让我想到 我到时候来拍一个迷因 大家有看过一个迷因吗 就是 都会有一个 就是 我想说哪一部片 帝王 帝王 帝王 就是 我想说哪一部片 帝王 还是什么的 反正就是某一个香港武打片 然后会有一个看起来满脸 横肉演员出来 她最近很常出现在迷因上面 然后肌肉脸超大 胸肌很大 然后大家就会下跑 啊 我来演那个角色 啊 哎 不准 不准 我不要
(106:00~107:00) 做的东西 做的东西 什么学总 我就不是那种人 我总会是坐下 哦 下Vik 过来 坐下 丹尼尔 过来 坐下 北哥 西教练 过来 坐下 过来 坐下 向立宝贝 过来 坐下 过来 宝贝 过来 坐下 过来 坐下 过来 坐下
(107:00~108:00) 过来 什么在学主委 主委是学霸总 我又学主委 就像是那种类比录音带 一再翻 然后音质整个烂掉 我真是low-fi霸总 天啊 第一传真霸总 很好笑的啦 然后什么低配版主委 我傻眼 然后呢这个gym C 说省下今天的银料钱 给瓜瓜跟彩琳 谢谢gym C 银料钱 祝你全家 还有小孩都很健康 小婆 小孩小孩小孩 小婆都不在小小放风一下 别的 瓜吉真的有瘦 有啦 我跟你讲 我真的就凌凌 因为我真的就在转车到社谷去 所以才会最后在社谷叫不到建成车 然后差点赶不上成天金 这个是一个推理 你是个柯南
(108:00~109:00) 其实我跟你讲那个时候是这样 其实讲起来蛮好笑的 就是那个时候呢 我想想看 我为了是要买Omiage 因为那时候我 我在想说我买什么东西回去 给 Bingtun 然后那时候我就 没有名牌包 或者是衣服 他不太需要这些东西 我就一直在想不出来 可是我没买礼物回去 他应该也会蛮生气的 蛮难过的 所以我后来就去问那个 Cam 就是那个 Bingtun 然后我就问他说 你有没有什么推荐 我想说他对日本好像很熟 日本通 拍一堆日本美食影片 我说我真的没有 他就说 我说他喜欢吃米制品吧 我跟你讲 他在 Google 上 传了个联结给我 在惠比寿有一家店
(109:00~110:00) 他说有些米制品可能相当的不错 小花突然又出现了 这是小花 我心心就想 他都特别这样推荐 其实惠比寿有住的地方超远 我其实心想说那就去 然后来到了惠比寿那家店 我一走到 他在百货公司里面 我整个傻眼 在百货公司里面 有些小货店一看就知道是明店 其实是反而会让人觉得说 充满期待 他就真的他妈是一个小货店 在百货公司里面一个很小的专柜 我去过很多同样卖 同样日本合国的地方 比较看起来高级100倍 看起来好吃很多 因为我 我特地他妈坐了这么远的车 跑到这里来找找我去新宿 新宿我去伊斯丹地下室 他妈一堆比这个我觉得 看起来还更好的店 我想说KEN他妈我这样照你 浪费我的时间 结果后来
(110:00~111:00) 可是没办法都来了 所以我就想说 至少我买了 买了以后回去 还可以跟别人讲 我就去买了 买回来 其实我心里很忐忑 因为我觉得他看起来好鸟 但是幸好后来 秉存其实看到的时候 他第一眼是觉得说 干这什么东西看起来蛮鸟 但是没想到 后来他带去公司 他在公司吃了之后 突然间传讯跟我说 其实蛮好吃 那一瞬间我就 Thank you Bailing Guono KEN You are the best 但是说真的 因为我其实以前 如果是要买吃的一些零食 我是真的会去伊士丹 大家如果真的有需要 买一些好微博的那种 漂亮的礼盒 带回去给别人的
(111:00~112:00) 我觉得那种去机场买 大家看得出来 感觉超没品的 因为我看到很多裤东西 伊士丹的地下室 看他那个食物卖场 超好逛的 超大一 can 很大 你要逛很久才逛得完 里面真的是零食满目 有那种合裹子 西洋甜点 也有那种熟食 熟食看起来都超好吃 那边真的不开玩笑 我跟你说新宿伊士丹地下室 真的 你不知道 有料 他那个柜味也是常常在调整 而且常常有很多快闪店 就是你上一次 半年前去没有 但这一次去就有了店 而且都那种快闪摊位 可能卖一些全新的东西 更不要提那种基本的 日本什么基本名牌 直升堂之类的 直升堂虽然是那种化妆品品牌 可是他出的甜点其实也很有名
(112:00~113:00) 所以就是那种基本的名牌 看起来就是诚意太多了 就这样 就是这样 OK 就这个就不说了 后面有个不停的讨论 对 还没讲完 后来就是因为去贵比寿 贵比寿其实就在伊士丹 就在那个社股附近 所以我才会觉得说 都买完东西了 不然去社股 夹接处比的名牌 就这样 其实我想把那一段引捡出来 就是我到底去社股吃了什么东西 可是我觉得会看起来很嘲讽 我不知道会不会 反而看了以后突然之间大掉粉 不知道 PPE58说 today is course Wang Chongming 其实有一点这个感觉 然后CC教练说 会迟到这么愉快 谢谢你 我有说 我请你吃 留妈妈两面 最近在为了转值 你帮我你先告诉我
(113:00~114:00) 如果你有朋友可以帮你写个APP 你会许愿有什么功能的APP By the way, 在处理投资理财的时候 有没有觉得现在能够使用到APP 其实不好用 理账说话都听不懂 你希望有哪些功能会好用 投资理财因为我不太靠理专 所以其实我不太知道 这个东西 因为我投资理财 是属于那种懒人那种佛系投资法 就是买一些我觉得很好的 不太会出事的标的 一包就包很久 但是我最近其实想到一个APP的功能 是我很想要 我觉得 我觉得很危险 就是 它是属于 我要怎么讲 当你做得很好的时候 平台商会直接 做在它内建在平台里面 你就会刷 site 的那种功能 就是我最近常在想一个问题 也可能是我不了解这个软体 在 Google Maps 上面我整理了非常多 觉得好吃 好喝的清单 可是我常会有一个 烦恼 就是说
(114:00~115:00) 好 那假设 比如说我现在在中山区 调通那一代好了 我突然间想说 理我最近的 500 公尺内 有什么我自己有做过 记号的咖啡厅 但其实有时候要找这种东西 因为我的记录的东西 才太多了 我突然间也不知道怎么找 而且有一些推荐 我不知道该怎么解释 因为你当然也可以在自己的身边 搜寻咖啡 就会推一系列的东西给你 你就要开始 依照它给你的 筛选条件 去找 你也可以自己去调整 可是我一直觉得 因为我自己本身整理的东西 其实是我去过 或者是我个人很期待 我觉得非常好的东西 我迟早要花时间去 一整坨 很恶心的一堆爱心 但我没有办法很快的 分门别类跳出来 它分别是什么
(115:00~116:00) 它是餐厅 它是咖啡厅 还是一个野营地 是一个饭店 我完全混在一起 所以我今天下午就在想这个问题 有办法可以快速的把我这些东西 分类出来 就这样 Post-0 可能要读 Google Map AI 我那时候就在想 AI 可以怎么做 我就在想 AI 可以不可以读我 Google Map 的资料 然后帮我去做这个分类 因为我觉得 如果它可以读取线上的东西 我觉得它一定做得到 我就在想这件事情 我好想到这个功能 真是不爽 九倍钟的秘书 边插花边听 好棒的一个 习惯 很棒 很合理的嘛 我也是 ss79313 可以讨论最近的发文 啊 真的要聊吗 这个我感觉又要花一点时间
(116:00~117:00) 因为这个东西我觉得 我可能没有办法三言两语 讲完 好 我可以聊一下 我其实可以讲 别妙妙 等一下 我快好了 我觉得 金的那个发文 我感想是 你们在讲的是 保险套的笑话嘛 说我为什么自己不准备保险套 我懒得解释 我怕我讲不好 我看的那个当下我的感受是 我觉得这不是一个特别厉害的笑话 因为我觉得这个段子 以金的水准来说 算是有点 稀反色就可以写出来了 我自己也有听 他也说 其实他觉得这个笑话 因为我觉得我是外行人讲 我就觉得干你 你妈懂三小 我懒得聊你 其实他觉得这个笑话 其实以技术含量来讲 其实真的也不是特别高 那我觉得对我来说 其实这不是技术含量的问题
(117:00~118:00) 而是我不会写的笑话 因为这些笑话我就觉得 我会希望我讲的笑话 能够传达我内心 某些真正 认同的价值观 我不会讲这种笑话 我先讲这个前提是这样 但是我不会为了Jim讲这个笑话 而对他生气 因为我太了解Jim这个人 其实Jim有没有想要透过这个笑话 讲什么? 其实有 但是跟这个笑话无关 Jim一直以来 他都想要证明 一件事情 就是没有什么东西 是不能开玩笑的 所以他会故意知道 他明明知道讲这个东西 会让你生气 他就是知道说 我跟你讲 你一定会有人来生气吧 觉得我侮辱女性 觉得我怎么样 我跟你讲 我就是要写这个 我就是要挑战你们的底线 挑战你们的标准 我就是Jim 他就是这样的人 我甚至于必须说 因为他的这个想法非常的纯粹 纯粹到像是一把
(118:00~119:00) 我以前也用这个名字形容过他 很丰利的 很丰利的 西瓜刀 丰利到就是 你不小心碰一下 就会被刺伤那种感觉 但是你又不得不讚善 讚賞讚嘆 这把西瓜刀的公益之美 西瓜刀本身是不可能有恶意的 你知道为什么? 他就是拿来切西瓜的 就是你如果以为 Jim讲这个笑话 是为了恶心全天下的女生 答案是不是 他是恶心全天下的人 所以我不知道 大家能不能理解我在说的那个感受 我不是在讚美他 也不是在赞同他 也不是说这个笑话写得好 都不是 他这个接近行为艺术的表现 实在是 你知道吗? 我觉得大多数人是不会对自己的行为 想得这么清楚的 很多喜剧演员,我觉得他脑子也是空空 偶尔讲一两句好笑的话
(119:00~120:00) 大概就是他们最高的表现 他的恶意纯粹到一个 让人站上的程度 就这样 所以我希望大家理解 我不是在跟你说 你要跟我一样欣赏 你们还是可以去骂 Jim 他就这样你骂他 就这样 只是我站在一个旁观的立场 我不得不说 Jim又来了 大概是这种 有人说我不要帮他讲话 我真的不是帮他讲话 我觉得我们得帮他讲话 我在讲的是一个 我观察到的事实 我跟你讲,我也可以讲谎话 Jim他妈超烂 我比他更好笑 我比他更有道德观 这些都是事实 我也可以讲这些事情 可是这不是我真实的看法 如果你没有我听我真实的看法 这就是我真实的看法 不是在帮他讲话 你们到底能不能懂这个差别 他的恶意是很纯粹的
(120:00~121:00) 纯粹到 我觉得大家对他的批评 都没有任何的意义 伤害不了他 没有加值 我其实真的没有帮他讲话 有一个点 我举例来讲 其实他其实 Jim有时候会故意去挑衅 民进党支持者 他们会特别容易生气 所以他更喜欢去挑衅 这有点像是 很多藍白支持者 因此很喜欢 Jim 觉得 Jim 真的帮他们讲话 我要跟大家讲一件事情 就是说 我以前也讲过这个观点 他没有在帮你们讲话 你们搞错了 就是我不觉得他有 也因为这样的关心 其实我跟他也有过 在言语上的一些台面上 看起来有冲突的话 但我从来没有真的对他生气 但是有很多人都以为 我跟他之间是 譬如说我看不爽他 刚刚就看到有人讲说 呃 瓜吉在面对女性 议题的时候果然还是
(121:00~122:00) 也是一把招要镜 看起来就是那个妖怪 就现行的感觉 我就说了 这件事情对我来说 不是在讨论女性议题 我当然知道 可以用女性的议题去切入 譬如说他讲的笑话 哪里不对 对女生来讲非常的不合理 因为我说受到危害 是多么的危险 大家有多么的在意这件事情 危险也聊过 我自己知道男生跟女生的差别 我从我老婆 他对于在 譬如说跟建策司机 或者是一根走在路上的时候 对于那种危险的警觉 跟男生的那种差異 我完全知道 其实我其实充分的了解 我也知道这个笑话 这就是我的理解 我在讲的事情是对GIM 根本跟他讲的笑话的目的 没有关系 所以你
(122:00~123:00) 其实我觉得 女性议题是我的造药剂 其实我也反过来觉得 GIM 的笑话 是你的造药剂 因为这表示 你没有看懂 他在想什么 你也不需要看懂 你可以改变其他人的看法 可是我可以告诉你 在这个例子上是不成立的 这是没有沟通基础的 你不知道他在讲什么 你怎么跟他吵架 你没有办法跟他吵架 你跟川普 你说川普很恶霸 你骂他 你怎么可以这么恶霸 中国在那边嗆他 你觉得川普会因此觉得 我良心有点不安 我跟你讲 你跟川普讲说他是恶霸的时候 他超爽的 他觉得对啊 是不是还填我了 因为你知道吗 川普在之前
(123:00~124:00) 他在社群上发一篇文章 他也讲说 最近这几天 那些各国都跑来 kiss my ass 一个总统 美国的总统 直接讲各国的 holding to kiss my ass 这种人 你跟他讲说 你在那边用中国的发言人 在那边嗆他说 美国是一群恶霸 霸凌各国 我跟你讲 川普就是在高中校园会霸凌 其他同学的人 你跟他根本没有对话的基础 所以我的意思是这样 我告诉你们的 我在告诉你们的是 你想要尝试理解 为什么要做这件事情 就是要讲一个 人话 就是 太难了 Tony Lai 说 现在躺在军营的床上 听老板的直播 下礼拜一就要退伍 恭喜你
(124:00~125:00) 不知道你是一年还是四个月 蔡協峰说 連续两天遇到傅坤奇 我会付负责任 我希望你的人生付负责任 如果有这个问题 你就不要问我这个问题 你问了这个问题 希望我表达我的看法 我就告诉你 不知道你什么想 不然你希望我什么 我跟你讲 对我来说 骂一个人很简单 你看我节目过久 我就是不会做这件事情的人 我不会用单纯的骂 去解决这个问题 我不会因为有流量 不要对我有这个错误的期待 我不会去 因为这件事情讲了 会让你很开心 我讲的是我心中 或是我眼中 我看到的事实 我当然也不一定是对的 你的会员投稿联系还在吗 心会员会知道要去哪一头稿 还有你的摄影账号什么时候才要经营
(125:00~126:04) 快点充分充分我 PSI love you 我其实最近一直都还有在拍照 可是我都觉得好丢脸 然后就要抽出来 然后越不剥就越觉得有压力 大家会期待说这么久没剥 是不是接下来要剥就剥个大的 我就越来越有压力 我可能就要剥一些真的很没营养的东西 然後阿恒 Bruno 生日快乐 蓝老的八方来猜英国 不要啦 为什么一定 八方的英国不会就是 就是那个谁唱的那首歌吧 我听一下就好 是不是就是那个 彩琳在唱的那首歌 英国是可以 是这首吗 完全都有
(126:04~127:04) 出现在球手后 姿妹王两种 出现在球手后 老天让我一棍 铲除你死来天数 第二棍 父母我打算 英国 老天要放下舞蹈 但这是他的 英国 改革发舞蹈 如果放 脚落前俯 英国 不要再放了 别吃了 Rachel Hi Rachel 然后呢 推开咖啡厅 看到老板坐在八台 这到底是什么魔幻时刻 是不是去咖啡保三 然后呢 老板呢 已经是某种 是我右边还是左边 因为我右边在我后面 说我好像没有注意看是男生的女生
(127:04~128:04) 但我左边是一个女生 然后呢 已经是某种意义上熟人 今天下午 有和老朋友约办公的感觉 不打招呼 在我这边呢 似乎就能维持某种奇幻的,清静之感 毕竟夠熟的朋友 才能够自在地不讲话 哎,我 can tell you one thing 如果那时候你有偷看我在打什么电脑 说感秋一姐在咖啡厅 而且在一个很有品味的咖啡厅 在那边在海巡 在那边骂干净笑死 但非常对老板的友谊 请老板下午的咖啡和蛋糕 哎 我没有付钱吗 我没有付钱吗 我有付钱吗 我明明就有付钱 我发誓我有付钱 哎,我有付钱 你应该是不是有个感觉 我突然发现我对我的记忆有点 好,就这样 应该有,应该有 我有说,关于想象的功能是这样
(128:04~129:04) 但随意在某个街道只要找尋附近 好,这餐厅可以利用谁的 AP 或 5 其实我觉得不是 因为你这个东西,其实 Google 已经有做很类似的功能 我只是我自己整理的清单 常常都没有办法 我想要找我自己的清单上面的特定内容 我会突然之间找不太到 我有觉得 Google 也有个问题 就是说 我明明记录了这么多 可是这些餐厅,如果想要找 特定的东西,这清单里面,我个人清单的东西 不是,所有乱数的自然资料的话 其实我是找不到 我觉得我目前找不到任何方法 可以突然之间很快速地找到我想找到的东西 在我自己个人的清单里面 好,就这样 我记得我付多少钱 300 我忘了,我对钱超级 随意的,该怎么办 I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 今天差不多到此告一个段落 怎么大家说 bye bye 今天直播也是搞得很晚
(129:04~130:14) 太晚了啦,花了太多时间了 跟大家说 bye bye Everybody is good You are good Politics is good Hip-hop is good Everyone is good Trump is good Peace and Xi Jinping 给我坐来过来 坐下 Xi Jinping,坐下 125%的关税 你吃得够爽了吗 Xi Jinping,坐下 吃我125%的关税 125% 125% 怎么样 打不打 吃得爽不爽 我就知道 你喜欢我的125% 125%
(130:14~130:32) 就这样,就这样, bye bye 晚安
