(00:00~01:02) I
(01:02~02:02) I I
(02:02~03:02) I Hello, everyone. I'm at work. Don't watch the episode. Today is my episode of EP98. It's almost 200 episodes. Today's theme is called, A friend and a life together. This is a real life. This is the first time I'm doing a live stream. I'll give you a thumbs up. I have to say that I'm not feeling well today. I'm really annoyed with this.
(03:02~04:03) I was planning to do a live stream in Taiwan. I was planning to do a live stream in Taiwan. The weather was pretty good. I bought it in October. It was not too hot or cold. I didn't expect the weather to be so strange this year. I was in Taiwan for the first time. I was in a bad condition. My dad had a fever. I was in the recording equipment. I didn't have a real start. I filmed a video. I didn't have a real start that night. I left at 9.10. I was really worried about my work. I was busy with everything. I was busy with my unemployment. I had a lot of things to do at the school.
(04:03~05:04) I had to do a break-up this week. I didn't have a problem with my schedule. I told my colleagues that I couldn't do any work this day. They asked me to leave this time. I was planning to start recording on the 3rd of this week. I had everything ready. I was busy with everything. I didn't expect to be in such a situation. I had to deal with the situation. My dad was already very well. I went back home from the hospital. I helped him clean up his house. My brother and sister were my siblings. We also found a cleaning company. We cleaned up his house. My dad and sister lived in a good environment. We arranged a long-term caretaker. He could visit his family every day. He could prepare lunch and dinner. He could go to the doctor. We arranged the long-term caretakers. I didn't expect that the person in charge of the long-term caretaker
(05:04~06:05) would call me every week. He didn't answer my calls. We arranged the service but it was useless. I was wondering what my dad would do. My dad told my sister that he didn't want to waste his social resources. He could take care of himself. I don't know if there are any elderly people in the family. Some elders are sick and sick. They asked me to get a long-term caretaker. I could help you find a cleaning company. I could take care of your life. They were all more vulnerable at that time. They were better. They thought they could take care of themselves. They asked me to pay more than 10,000 yuan a month. I said no, it was too expensive. I was so angry that I wanted to kill him. My sister said that my dad didn't listen to me. I couldn't tell my dad on the phone. So I decided to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital to see my dad. I was having lunch with my dad.
(06:05~07:05) I didn't talk about this topic at all. I was so angry that I didn't want to talk about it. I had a good time for about an hour. I talked about some things like flowering. I was just cutting the paper. I told you about the long-term caretaker. How was it? I was so sure at that time. My dad didn't want to go to the hospital. He thought that there was a person who came to his home every day. He thought it was hard to take care of him. He said he liked someone. He was so angry that he went to his home. He was so angry that he went to the hospital. I could understand this feeling. Of course, I couldn't accept it. But I could understand this feeling. My dad didn't want to go to the cleaning company to clean up. My dad could accept this. He said it clearly. I think his attitude was okay. He thought it was too expensive. I think it's okay to say that the price is reasonable. I think he could agree with this. I told him that I wanted to talk about the long-term caretaker. This is two things.
(07:05~08:05) I hope he can accept it. My dad's attitude was that it was expensive and long-term caretaker. But I didn't want to do it. But when I started to talk about it, my dad suddenly changed his attitude. I didn't want to do it. I didn't want to clean up. I could do it myself. I'll tell you. My dad couldn't even put on a button a week ago. His hand was because of the wind. He couldn't put on a button. He told me that I could wash my clothes. I could wash my clothes. I thought it was impossible. He could not accept my attitude. He suddenly became completely unacceptable. I don't know what kind of wind he was blowing. But I couldn't accept it. I couldn't accept both. So I told him that I didn't want to do it. I didn't want to clean up. I think it's reasonable to clean up. You can wash your clothes once or twice. But you may feel uncomfortable. You may feel uncomfortable when you don't clean up. You may feel uncomfortable when you don't clean up. You may feel uncomfortable when you don't clean up. You may feel uncomfortable when you don't clean up.
(08:05~09:05) So I suggest you clean up your clothes or take a bath. My dad was very upset. He made a very formal expression. He said, OK, OK, OK. I'll clean up. I promised him that I would clean up. That's the end of the conversation. I'll tell him one thing. When I was on my way home, I was thinking about it. My dad was a businessman. He had a good family. He was a good middle-aged businessman. He was a tool maker. My dad used to do machine-making. He often needed to do trade and business. I realized something. I was told by my dad. I knew the place. He could clean up his clothes. It was expensive. But he didn't want to do it. But when I talked to him,
(09:05~10:05) he suddenly became a bad guy. He was very stubborn. He didn't want to do it. But when I was on my way home, he accepted me. He said, OK, OK. OK, OK. I can do it. Oh my God. This is a business negotiation. My dad was 78. He was hit twice. He didn't know what to say. But he was living his life. The last part of the video. He had to spend his life like this. I was thinking. I was totally shocked. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. But I think I should have done it. My dad was a bad guy. Even at that time. I thought he was a bad guy. But he was still thinking about me. He was still thinking about me. OK. This is what I found out.
(10:05~11:06) But because I didn't record. I was in a bad mood. I was recording. I bought all my equipment in October. I didn't have a real start. I was so upset. I was feeling uncomfortable. I was afraid. I was still thinking about it. Maybe I didn't know how to do it. I was sleeping. I was hoping to wake up in the morning. I was feeling good. I packed my luggage. I went out. I was recording. I was thinking if I could do it. I was fine. I was still eating breakfast. I was collecting some ingredients. I was preparing the ingredients. I was sleeping. I was packing my stuff. I was organizing. When I was organizing. I realized my body was getting more and more serious. I was going to the balcony. I was opening the door.
(11:06~12:06) I realized it was so cold outside. I realized something. I was leaving by myself. It was raining again. It was cold again. I was cold again. I was wearing a hat. I was in a place about 1000 meters away. I was recording. It was my first time. I was worried about something. I was shouting. I was shouting. I was shouting. I was afraid of getting cold. I was going to Japan next week. Was it worth it? I couldn't do it. I couldn't force myself to do it. I thought it was enough. I was so upset. I packed my luggage. I was thinking. I packed everything. I packed my tent, my tent, my things. I packed my things. My furniture, my stuff. I packed them all in a bag. I was in the room. I think it was about 10kg. It was really heavy. I went to the office. There was a small balcony. I decided to do it. I was so excited. I was thinking about doing it. I was thinking about doing it. I was doing a simple recording. I was doing some decoration lights.
(12:06~13:10) I was organizing the balcony. I was thinking about doing a live broadcast. I thought it was perfect. I was also doing a live broadcast. I was thinking about it. It was perfect. It was around 2 or 3pm. I started living there. I bought a lot of dragon eyes from a recording studio. I don't know if there is anyone who has a recording experience. If there is, you might understand. I thought about recording. When it was beating I brought a위 permaf關 to set up around 5pm in the end, I was going to get rid of some sweet fruits and tree flavored apples. I tried to open the new bars with the light. But because I'm in Yangtai now, I don't have these things. At that time, I thought it would be hard to open the door. So I opened the door and I thought I would just put my hand on the wood.
(13:10~14:11) I would just burn it and then put it in the material. I really thought too much. Then I thought, luckily I didn't. I really didn't. I just started like this. Because I really would play. Because I did this. I found out that I didn't even get up after two hours of work. Long Yanmu, then I went to Google. Long Yanmu is really hard to burn. I had no choice. I really thought, damn, I'm going crazy. This is impossible. I've been there for two hours. I've been in a coma for two hours. Then I arrived at the hotel at 5 o'clock. I decided to give up. I didn't need any material. Anyway, I have a mountain goat here. I'll have a mountain goat for dinner. I actually prepared a very high-quality beef. Then there's also a rice神 qi. It's a kind of soup. Then I prepared rice. About three-fourth cup. Because I'm eating alone. I think that's about it. Then I put in about a liter of water. Then I put it on the high-quality stove. I just started to burn it. I tell you, this is my first time doing this. I really didn't have experience before. After about two minutes, I knew I was done.
(14:11~15:11) Because my fire was really too big. Then I already smelled the burnt flavor of rice. That taste is definitely not a foul smell. That's burnt. I was thinking about playing. I just turned the fire on. I thought, damn, this fire is wrong. I thought it was reasonable. Because after all, it's a thin layer of metal. It's like a container. I think its heat transfer may not be very uniform. Then the high-quality stove is so strong. It's already directly burned the middle part. So I thought, wow, crap. But according to the time I cooked. Because I only have two minutes. I already know he's burnt. But I have to cook for 15 minutes. I can't do anything. So I just cook for 15 minutes. Then I start to grill meat. Then I start to prepare my sauce. I do the Japanese-style sauce. Why are you running now? Then I finally finished the meat. The rice is almost done. I open the rice.
(15:11~16:12) It's like a box of rice. I know there must be a match inside. But I think if there is a part of rice that can be eaten. I think it's okay. When I opened it, my heart was cold. It was about 10 minutes black. I've never seen such a delicate thing. It's just a little bit on top. The rice is still wet. Then I still put the meat. I put the meat in a high-quality A5-H. I'm not kidding. I put it in a piece. I pour the sauce. I use the Japanese-style sauce. I also put the onion and sugar. I put the Japanese-style sauce. I put it on top. It's really fresh. I was crying. I brushed the pot over there. I brushed it for about an hour. I cleaned the black coal on top. When I finished it, it was almost 8 o'clock. I thought I'd still have to do a live broadcast. But it was safe to go home.
(16:12~17:12) I soaked a cup of instant noodles. Fortunately, I still have instant noodles at home. I soaked a cup of instant noodles. I'm going to make a real dinner today. But I still have the meat. I have the community to buy enough protein. I just want to tell you that I really experienced a very tragic, very tragic failure of recording experience this week. Although the story is like this, I will tell you about this week. This week afternoon, I will go to the outdoor person. In the box of the Russian-style street. I will go to the middle of the city. There is a store called the outdoor user. I will be the store manager there. I have never been the store manager in my life. But because the other person is really enthusiastic about the contract. I feel like it's just recently I'm very interested in outdoor activities. Although this is my first time in the process of burning fire, burning the firewood and cooking. It's a total failure.
(17:12~18:12) If you are bored, you can come to me. But this time they invited me to be the store manager. They wanted to give the people who buy the goods. Some advantages and special rewards. So they said that they can buy 1000 yuan or how much? They said that they can't buy the goods with them. I thought that I would go on the road with other people to buy the goods. But I had to spend money to make the goods. I felt that my heart was a little strange. I thought that I shouldn't do this. So I told them that I shouldn't make the goods. I think I can make the goods on the spot. If there is a person who comes to me, it's okay. But if there is a person who comes to me, I will give them something else. Then I thought about something. If I don't make the goods, I will help them to make the goods. I will help them to make the goods. So I will help them to make the goods. I will spend money. I will spend money to buy 3000 yuan. The goods are expensive.
(18:12~19:15) You can buy more than 3000 yuan. But I am not strong. I am happy. I have never done anything like this. I will do it this week. Can you go to other places? You are blocking me. I can't do the show. You are really bad. Let's take a break. Let's take a break. I want to make a banner. I want to make a banner. I want to make a banner before the end of this song. How much time do I have? Three minutes. Three minutes to make a banner. Wait a minute. Banner.
(19:15~20:16) How do I add it? Banner. I am so nervous. I want to make a banner. How do I do it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it?
(20:16~21:16) I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it?
(21:16~22:18) I want to make a banner. How do I add it? I want to make a banner. How do I add it? How do I add it? How do I add it? Does this take time? Wait for me. Next time. I'm almost done. Wait a minute. This is just a very simple question. I'm not a professional. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry that everyone said that I was not qualified. I really forgot about this. Thank you for all the sponsors. I was wrong. I'm going to die.
(22:18~23:21) There's a member named Alin. He's just like the singer. He said, hello, Mr. Gua. I have a question that I want to ask you. There was a serious accident. The car was built and the driver was the one who hit me. The operation went well. But it was very painful when I was playing the compensation. The driver didn't want to apologize. He thought that insurance would pay for the car. I'm going to say that this is really a new experience. There are two reasons. My dad was 78 years old. He had a car. He kept saying that he couldn't bear to give up driving this car. I saw that you were old and you were not good at driving. Don't drive anymore. The driver helped you to deal with it. My dad said that he didn't know what to do. He said, I've been buying this car for more than 10 years. Anyway, that's it. I think I'm going to die first. Or I'm going to hang up this car first. He said he wouldn't buy a new car. He admitted that he was going to hang up this car. He died first. My dad said that. I thought that you would say that. I can't say anything. But this sentence gave me a little inspiration.
(23:21~24:22) I thought that it was just a matter of time before the car was parked. He wouldn't drive anymore. So I told my brother after driving. I was looking for a blind spot to get his license. I really don't know how to tell him. Some old people are like, I don't know if I'll be like that one day. They think they can handle it. They have to drive. But in fact, they shouldn't have done it. I really don't want this. I'm still trying to tell my dad about this. He just said that this old man he never wanted to apologize. Because insurance will pay for it. Why should he apologize? I think of another story. He can't be completely compared to me. But I think it's a little bit of a similar relationship. I think I'll share some of the future podcasts. I'm not sure which one is. But there's one that I mentioned. There's a famous singer in Taiwan. His name is Zheng Jingyi. And then... And then... That... He was arrested by a Chinese doctor or a drug addict. And then... After he was arrested,
(24:22~25:22) he had a court sentence. He had a criminal case. He had a罚款. After he had finished all the things, he asked Zheng Jingyi, if you want to apologize to the public for your drug addiction. Zheng Jingyi said that I had a drug款. I didn't give it to anyone. I didn't sell it to anyone. The law has also accused me of this. I also have a criminal case. I have committed my duty and paid my responsibility. Who should I apologize to? This sentence makes sense. Because it didn't harm anyone. It's a drug addiction. It's his own business. The law has also paid the price for his property. Who should I apologize to? Who should I apologize to? Why should I apologize to? It's my own business. Zheng Jingyi was so handsome. He said that... He was so mean. But this old man hit someone. He felt he had compensation. So he felt he didn't need to apologize. Is this the right way to say it? I don't think it's the same.
(25:22~26:23) I just said that. The premise is that you didn't forgive others. Zheng Jingyi said that he was the one who took the drug. He paid for it. So he felt he didn't hurt anyone. If it was my own business, why should I apologize to others? If I did something wrong, the law has already called me to do it. I'm fine. But if you hit someone today, you can't just say how much the law has paid you. It's not your responsibility. You really hurt someone. It's a life-threatening problem. It's a little bit of a misunderstanding. It's reasonable. His daughter also felt she would pay for it. So he kept asking why I should apologize. I think it's all my fault. I just want them to feel the pain. I want them to learn the lesson. This is the pain of the world. Next time, I should have a victim like me. But when I asked my friends, even when I was in the police station, the people waiting outside said, don't be silly.
(26:23~27:24) It's true that you got the insurance. I saw a article on the trip. The car accident wasn't a good thing. I wanted to ask the boss. If you let them go, and take the compensation, and end the accident, are you smarter? Or should you get the compensation? The other person may not be able to take it. Let them be a criminal. I don't know how to do it. I want to hear the boss' opinion. OK. Let me tell you my opinion. The trip is not a car accident. The reason is that he wants to express that you got the car accident because you were unlucky. But you met someone who was comfortable on the car accident. This is a luck for you. But it's not a luck that can be explained. It's a fact that he can avoid it, but he doesn't have a warning. I'll give you an example. I have a story that I just shared this week. It's actually a news this week. In Taiwan, there was a route. It was a safety barrier.
(27:24~28:24) I don't know what it is. There was a safety barrier next to the safety barrier. There were many routes. There were many routes in the middle. It used to be next to the barrier. It was outside the safety barrier. But now there is a new method of road planning. It means that you should put the human path, the human cross-lead line, and put it inside. Put it in the middle of the human path. Put the human path, the route, and put it out. It can protect the human. When the human walks, if the car is hit, it will hit the safety barrier first, not the person. So it's called a barrier. There is a route. It's like a barrier. It seems that there were 30 or 50 cars in the past year. They were directly hit by the barrier by the car. So many people were complaining that the barrier was a car.
(28:24~29:25) They should re-plan this route. There was a driver who said, the barrier will be blocked by the car A. It was dangerous. We couldn't see it. We were careful when we drove. We just gave it the A. It sounds like it makes sense. But it's not. If there is no barrier, it's the place where the barrier is. If your A can't be seen, you can't see the barrier on the ground. It might make you can't see the road. When you were passing the road, you shouldn't just go straight. You just pass it. What's the situation? When you drive, you should be careful when you are near the barrier. Is there someone around? Is there someone in your A? Or some dead corners? It's just so you don't see someone walking. It's not possible for you to see someone who is tall and cute. You need to wait. You need to drive after you confirm. It's normal. But you don't do it.
(29:25~30:26) So you just shoot and hit the barrier. It's not a matter of luck. It's not a matter of the design. It's a matter of the driver. This is the news of the week. I want to say that I think there are a lot of drivers in Taiwan. They are really bad. If you don't get the training, they might never change. They think it's the wrong thing. It's your fault. Or they don't want to see you. They have a lot of excuses. So you need to fight for justice? I think fighting for justice is a good thing. But you don't have the responsibility to do it. The drivers are right. Sometimes, you can't get what you want. What do you want? If you don't think it clearly,
(30:26~31:27) you will suffer. Because of the troubles you have. You need to know that you will be in trouble. If you don't think it clearly, you will feel like you can't get it. You need to think it clearly. One thing is called compensation. One thing is justice. It's important. If you think compensation is more important, I think no one can blame you for this. You don't have to pursue it. You can live your life with money. But if you feel a little bit or even a big proportion, justice is more important. So you should be more cautious. You should pursue justice before you go on. I think it's important. It's good. Okay, let's talk about driving. Let's talk about the topic. Last Friday night, I actually went to the South Pole.
(31:27~32:29) Because on Saturday morning, I wanted to go to a race with a car from the Sun Moon Lake. But it's not a real race. It's actually an event for the position. So the victory, or victory, or victory, is not really important. It's important to return the flag. It's early, and it's about 6pm. So it's 5pm or 4pm. I remember I woke up at 4.30pm. So if you go down early, you'll be tired. So we went down the day before. Amy and our colleagues, Mahsi, would all go down with me. They were on the high-speed rail. But on Friday night, I had work. I had an important meeting this afternoon. So I couldn't leave early. I was almost almost late. I was finally ready to leave the meeting. I wasn't sure when I'd be able to have a meeting. So I didn't have time to buy a ticket. When I wanted to buy a ticket, I found out that I had no ticket.
(32:29~33:29) Amy told me that I could go and do my own free ride. I didn't think I was good at keeping my dignity. I didn't want to do my own free ride. I thought I was bad at it. Actually, I wasn't. But last week, I wasn't in a good mood. I was a bit depressed last week. I was a bit depressed. So I didn't want to do my own free ride. I felt like there were a lot of people. No matter if there was a seat or not, there must be a lot of people who stand up. There are a lot of people. You see me, I see you. And then, someone would want to talk to me. But I wanted to avoid it. Because I was in a bad mood. And then, I suddenly thought, it's hard to say whether it's close or not. But it's not that far away. Why don't I drive? Actually, I remember Amy was telling me, you can do high-speed trains. High-speed trains are faster. High-speed trains are safer. My wife would say that. Everyone would say that. But at that moment, I kept telling them that I could drive. And then,
(33:29~34:31) my colleague told me, I didn't want to wait for you to drive. You can go together. But I didn't want to. I said, it's okay, you go first. I think what I said is, I'm a... How to say? I don't want to trouble you. I want you to go down first. That kind of good boss. But actually, it's not like that. At that moment, I suddenly had a kind of... I suddenly had a strong thought. I really wanted to... be alone. Drive alone. I was on that road. I started driving at 5 pm in the afternoon. I was about 10 pm. Then, 10 pm, 11 pm. Then, I arrived at the south. Then, the restaurant in Japan. I drove for about 5 hours. Because I met a car in the middle. I took a break for 2 times. Because I drove with a very cool way. I didn't have that... a sense of persistence. I drove slowly. I just drove slowly. Then, I drove down. This process is actually quite boring. I think luckily, I did this. If I was driving on my own, if I was driving on a high-speed rail,
(34:31~36:05) I would never... have the chance to change my mood. Just sitting on the car alone. And listening to music. Slowly, my mood was getting better.
(36:05~37:10) Don't you understand times? Thoughts on division? Blue, blue, electric blue Lights that color got my room Where I will be I'm not a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm not a man Where I will live Blue, blue Play your blinds, drone on daves To reach the light inside Blue, blue I will sit right down Waiting for the gift of sound and vision
(37:10~38:10) And I will sing, waiting for the gift of sound and vision Drifting into my solitary, over my head Don't you wonder sometimes, about sound and vision Drifting into my solitary, over my head And then, someone said, it's the same as my 815 Is it? It's different, I'm careful, I don't force myself I feel tired, I'll go to rest, and then I'll eat But then, the next day, because I wanted to say I want to drive back And then, my colleague jumped on the car and said, let's go back to Taipei And I said, I can take you to Taipei, and then everyone came back And they were so surprised
(38:10~39:11) And said, Boss, what do you mean? Do you have any other plans? Do you want to do something? I can feel their expression, they thought I wanted to be bad Maybe they thought it was a rare opportunity, my wife is not around I went to Taipei alone, and I wanted to throw my colleague's stuff there And I was like, anyway, I have nothing to do there After 3-5 hours, I went back, and my wife said, Because the event is really late, and I drove back again, so it's not easy I was like, I can't drive back, it's already midnight, I'm not sure But I'm not, I just wanted to drive back alone But they thought, okay, Boss, let's go to your car and drive back together Have a happy, happy conversation, it's actually quite happy But it's actually a bit different from what I expected But I thought it was good, because I remember the big black and the black and the black So I thought, if it's not good, I can just relax, they can drive back I didn't expect them to be like this They just kept talking to me, listening to music, and no one told me,
(39:11~40:15) Hey, Boss, I can drive back, no, I just drove back from Nan-Tou I was like, wow, this boss is really hard to deal with And then, I was like, I don't have much to talk about I think in Taiwan's Legislative Court, there's a lawyer named Xu Xinying I think he's quite suitable to use the product I've been using in the past, called Sawhalia, the shampoo Because a few days ago, when we were having a meeting, someone found out that they didn't attend the meeting And then they found out that they were going to wash their hair And then Xu Xinying said, the reason I went to wash my hair was because I thought that the Legislative Court was making trouble, but it was their idea that the Legislative Court was making trouble I didn't want to waste my time, so I went to wash my hair Because I was too busy recently, so I had oily hair So I thought I'd wash my hair first, but it was nothing So Xu Xinying said, wow, this week there's a reason because the relationship between oily hair and oily hair is not going to be held
(40:15~41:17) So I suggest that we can use Sawhalia's shampoo more often I believe that it will help with oily hair, and it will help you to feel better when you have a meeting But today's topic is not Sawhalia, but I just wanted to talk about it I don't know, I always think that if I don't mention it, people will think, what's wrong with you? Qiu Wei Jie, what's wrong? Are you mad or angry? So I want to talk about this So far, there have been activities of winter chicken birds in the Legislative Court Many people are protesting this time about the electoral law and the Constitution The three cases are that they think the National Party and the Democratic Party try to use some more evil ways to fix the issue and create some bad results So some people are not happy So the society is against this
(41:17~42:19) and it creates some negative views I'll just talk about one of them I'll talk about my opinion I'll talk about how to look at this I'll use the electoral law as an example The principle of the electoral law is that if the law is passed, the conditions are that the person who stands out more than the opposing party and the person who stands out more than one quarter is the person who has the right to vote and the person who has the right to vote and the person who has the right to vote The people who used to think the threshold was too low Why? Because for example, if there is a certain place that voted 70% in the year and the percentage of the election is 50% the percentage of the election is about the same which means that 35% of the people voted for the election and if you have the 25% percentage the percentage of the people who voted for the election can be passed through the percentage So there may be a situation
(42:19~43:19) where a candidate gets the 35% of the votes but the 25% of the people voted for the election is not fair and this is not what the National Party has said In fact, in the year in the year of the Yellow Festival and the year of the Freedies when the party was dismissed there were some representatives of the Democratic Party and political figures who also had the same opinions that is, many people are indeed the people of the Democratic Party all think that the current threshold for the election is a little too low I didn't think it was too low before I have to say that after so many experiences of the food the 25% of the people voted for the election is really easy to get the reason is the simplest because today we are talking about the election maybe three-part, nine-part when everyone voted for the election the vote was very strong but when this was a free vote you have to vote for free it's hard many people don't care about this
(43:19~44:19) you can't just call everyone to the street to do this so today when we choose nine-part, five-part, six-part and seven-part vote this is a normal number but if you vote for free this ratio will be greatly reduced this is a thing that will happen so to break the 25% it's not as easy as you think let's look at the food I think the simple thing is in the past few years actually the free vote is not so common the simple thing is because once the success of the operation it becomes like a revenge you say, you want to fight me I want to fight you because it's like a small student is arguing so everyone takes this weapon revenge each other and it's not a revenge of course every politician who wants to vote for free must have some reason to be in the back because everyone has some reasons to hate of course but not everyone can be successfully voted for free so what does this mean? that is, the 25% the one-fourth of this threshold it's not as easy as you think because there are not so many people because of this relationship it's been voted free okay, this is the first but because after all
(44:19~45:20) the Democratic Party once said he also thinks this threshold is a little too low so I think this thing if you want to adjust it I personally think it's totally okay if anyone has a current point of view called can not adjust the current option is super perfect can not correct I think this person's idea is also wrong and also completely ignored for example, if it is the support of the Democratic Party someone said so I think he ignored it actually the Democratic Party has also said the same thing so I think the option is possible to adjust can be discussed this I have no idea if I should fix this condition a little higher I think it's totally okay but the current fix is he fixed it to be a person who is free the number of people must exceed the number of votes for him that year so I think there will be a little problem there will be a little problem because it's almost possible to say this is almost impossible to fix so he fixed it a little bit and it's over he died to free this thing this life this law is there but this life will never be used because it's impossible to succeed so this fix direction direction I think it is okay but how to do this detail can be discussed but it's a pity that
(45:20~46:20) actually he is in the process of the investigation actually the National Party he did not really really let everyone can discuss this thing forcefully use the way to suppress the way to pass even actually not use the pressure actually let the Democratic Party before the majority he will still suppress the National Party let this some of their favorite law to pass this the Democratic Party will do the same thing but the current situation is that he is not just even even discuss not to discuss for example, some of the previous fake justice even the National Party he still took the final vote of the way to use the number of people to suppress the past but is there a possibility that some of the Democratic Party use the usual way of expression to use the way of the way of the way of the way of the way of expression and then to hide the time of this discussion and then to avoid he entered the next stage of the vote actually there is in the past it happened like this although actually everyone may feel this is a little waste of time but this should be the right democratic state last time when the National Party went to the protest is the protest process I think today for me this thing is actually the same positive I do not think the way to choose can not be discussed because the Democratic Party before also thought that this thing is needed to be discussed but the current situation is not completely discussed
(46:20~47:21) so I think this thing if someone for this thing feel very unhappy want to go up the street I think this reason is perfectly positive so if someone at this time say some wind and cold words behind I think these people are all the behavior of the lack of democratic support of course some people say the National Party actually in this the struggle of the anti-communist anti-communist movement a little bit of progress because they began to learn a lot of new tricks for example, the government when they were in the protest they were probably next to it or the other side they made another stage and then use two people one by one it seems to slow down or pull the mask as long as they do something they follow do some reaction this is a completely new media approach so that's why a thing like they were born in the event of the trend of the North Wind chasing the newcomers but I don't talk much about this because I think this is a bit of a bit of a new news so I won't say but I just want to say I think today we have to come back to the East and then discuss the program I think this is a very regretful thing
(47:21~48:21) but I agree that's it okay I've finished this part of the conversation then we'll come back to the normal content okay because I think there will be people queuing me about this I'm not talking about this I'm just feeling a little uncomfortable I feel like I'm a little sorry about this world although I'm actually now very confused okay let's switch the mood overall I think in the past three years five years many political figures many many crazy party supporters no matter which side have made some wrong decisions these wrong decisions continue to force everyone and then become more and more intense confrontation can't go to objective rational discussion I think this is a very regretful thing that's it so I know now there are people who may think I'm wrong I think this is okay it's okay I think the point is not to deny the rights of others I think this thing is always the most important thing do not say let's say for example
(48:21~49:21) some people say now in the Qingdao East people are actually in order to ask for a job interview for example last Qingdao East who is the leader of the Lai Zhongqiang Law and then this time the same is also Lai Zhongqiang Law is not actually the People's Party of course Lai Zhongqiang is not likely to be better than the People's Party and then better than the National Party this I think may be okay in fact in the past some social issues Lai Zhongqiang Law has also been adopted and different places with the People's Party because Lai Huang Law this time it was also re-established so some people say he must be here to interview whether the next legal director is him similar to those words are so I want to ask a question Qingdao East occurred in this year when the five or six months between I ask Lai Zhongqiang Law he has a moment taken up the stage to say he can take any official position no in fact, Lai Zhongqiang Law he himself whether it is legal or from the social issues social movement some background
(49:21~50:21) if he has a chance one day to in some important position to present his talents in fact, I think there is no place but in fact I think he is not because he wanted to be there now Han Liu came to the moment in Qingdao East people come to interview indeed someone seems to be Ba Jiong he was standing on the stage and said I came to the interview today to interview the Ministry of Culture of course he is kidding he must be talking about the opposite but then this sentence is constantly being answered indeed Qingdao East came to the interview I think it is necessary I actually did not deny the opposite opinion is that the right to say that whether you are a Democratic Party supporter Democratic Party supporter if I have a long time to watch my show I actually never deny the right to speak I always I only have my point of view I will use my point of view to deny your point of view but I will not deny the position you speak I will not say you are a bad person because you are a bad person so you did this thing I will think that everyone do not do this this really will make people think
(50:21~51:23) this world really made a bunch of wrong decisions Moscow, 1972 I will see it in my sleep I will leave it in my dreams I will make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions for you I will make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions
(51:23~52:26) for you Pick up your gun Put up your gun Save us from all We save for our love Baby, I know everything you said I know I got everywhere But do me a favor when you come through When I look around, I don't want to see you I don't take advice from fools
(52:26~53:28) Never listen to you I will make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions I make them bad decisions I will make them bad decisions for you Take off your gun Cut off those guns Save us from all Save our Lord I hear you It's getting super But I
(53:28~54:35) I never diso need you Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, well, nothing good comes about doing it.
(54:35~55:35) I'm not gonna give a lot of things I don't know how to use the power cause I can't I can't I can't Bad decisions Last but not the least I think it's a great story. What did he say? The pre-war state... The pre-war state... Sorry, my brain is really a bit dull. Pre-war state... To be honest, do you think we should cover the pre-war state? And is there any problem with the development process? I think we can discuss it. Just like what I just said, do we need to fix the pre-war state? I think we can discuss it.
(55:35~56:36) But Ma Wenjun's request is to delete this pre-war state budget. The reason he asked is... We don't have any pre-war state budget. Isn't Taiwan a good country? The Chinese Republic is not a good country. No matter if you use Taiwan or China, the Chinese Republic is a good country. Isn't Taiwan a good country? So we don't have any pre-war state budget. Why do we need pre-war state budget? When something really happens, I'll come up with a budget. The content is long, but that's what it means. At that time, the horse was following me up. I didn't hear it correctly. After listening to it, I was shocked. He thought, am I right? If we really think there's a problem with the budget, we can freeze it. Then we can enter the next round of discussion. It's okay. But if we just say, we don't need this. And the reason is, we don't need it either. That's really great. You know, everything in the world is not going to die. Will the security system die? Taiwan people didn't have security before. Why did you suddenly want to develop security? Why did you want to introduce this system? Is there a need? We can't spend money on our own?
(56:36~57:36) The whole world is doing this. Americans are doing this too. Why do we have to talk about this? Is there a need for U-Bike? There's no need for U-Bike to move when there's no human. It won't ride an Autobike. We've been riding an Autobike for so long. Now, finally, some people don't ride an Autobike, but ride a U-Bike. Is life better? It's not certain, right? It used to be alive. Let's not ride an U-Bike. U-Bike, don't do it anymore. Those representatives, don't go to the government all day long. They'll be in the government. The government said they want to build an U-Bike. Please. When there was no U-Bike, did the citizens of this community die? No. You have to rely on your waist. You have to use this method to change your way of thinking. You have to talk to others. It's really annoying. It's annoying. Okay. Now, we... I'm sorry. I'm going to introduce a dry-dried guy called Sway. He's actually... You know, he's a very unique investment. If you suddenly find out today, the price of the U-Bike is 7800 dollars.
(57:36~58:36) Don't you want to cut it? You have to cut it, right? Investment U-Bike, investment stock, what's your purpose? It's money. But before investing, you have to be happy on Sway. You have to invest in your own happiness. Sway is a platform that belongs to your adult interactive live broadcast platform. You can interact with the most touching creators on the whole platform. No matter how much you consume, you can be happy. You can order at any time or return at any time. Enjoy the experience of your own. I'm actually a very early user of Sway. I still have a lot of diamonds in my house. When I suddenly feel bored at night, I might just go to his website and unlock a video to make a personal comfort for my heart. So I think it's very convenient. I know a lot of people might watch Pong Hub or watch some other platform shows or some other shows or you might think Japanese AV women are the best. But there's nothing that can be compared to the one
(58:36~59:37) that can interact directly with you with the language. When you watch the videos you unlock, you can know that these people are supporting you and they can use the same language. And the best part is that you can use the same language and you can really use the same language. Because many creators have their own live broadcasts. So you just have to download the live broadcasts and order them. You can ask the creators to do some corresponding actions, content, knowledge, clothing, ask you the most important interaction you want to do. Of course, you can also use the interaction tools. When you watch the live broadcast, you can pay for the far-off, far-off games. These creators are the most timely reactions. You can also talk to them privately, and you can also have fun games. You don't just watch the live broadcasts. You can also play with Lava, Saibao, Dragon Lake Fight, and experience the quick and easy experience. You can also take a few more and you can take them
(59:37~60:38) to do some other applications. Here, there are special advantages for new users. You can get free live broadcast experience by booking your phone. Swag SWAG 500 5000 and take 5000 for free. Because it's Christmas soon. It's next week. Swag has Christmas activities. Remember to go to the website to see the content of his Christmas activities. There will be activities, nightclubs, and detailed introduction of the content. Because my wife is back, my guests are back. So, the little flower starts to be crazy and is complaining over there. They are shouting over there. Okay. Xincheng and Yusha want to be together in a couple. I don't know if you can do it. You may have to be on your own. Last weekend, we had an important event. Xiaobing's wedding. Xiaobing got married. Xiaobing is the first official wedding employee of our company. But in fact, most of the people have girlfriends, or have long-term relationship.
(60:38~61:39) They may even get married. Like Guan Guan got married. But most of the people don't seem to be married. I'm not doing this even though I'm here. Xiaobing is the first one. I still remember before the wedding, Hao Ge, because Xiaobing's wedding, this should be a public event. Xiaobing's wedding is actually the boss of the party. And the boss of the party is Hao Ge's office. It's a window. Anyway, he's the staff. And then that day, because it's like it's like working with Hao Ge's studio. It's a process of connecting. At the scene, because they think because two bosses may be very important key characters. So they are invited by us to support each other. Because I want to say this is a wedding with many elders. Xiaobing's parents and the parents of the boss. So I don't think it's convenient to talk about some 5-4-3. And at that time, Xiaobing still warned me. He said, boss, you can't talk too much and talk too long.
(61:39~62:40) And Xiaobing has an action that he used to take a picture of a camera. If he found out I talk too much and talk too long, he would say, you should quickly finish it because there are too many. You can't cut it in. So you should finish talking. He would remind me like this. So Xiaobing has a special reminder. I mean, if you talk too much, I would say, so I was actually a little nervous. I just want to say, okay, I'll talk to you formally. Then I'll quickly interrupt this topic. I want to let these two young people go to quickly rush to love the tide. This I don't need to say too much about this wedding. But I didn't think about it at this time. Oh, this is when I said I was supporting at that time. Because I found I was talking about boss Tang. And then I actually forgot the name of Boss Tang. Because no one has ever taught me. I haven't taught him. So I was going to introduce him first. Xiaobing. I'll talk about Xiaobing's name first. But I won't talk about it here. Xiaobing's name is Chacha. And then how is he? How is he in our company? How is he very good? I have to support Boss Tang here. I found out that Boss Tang is from his name. So I said I was just in front of his friend. I said three words to Boss Tang.
(62:40~63:42) This Boss Tang When I finished talking, Boss Tang immediately opened his eyes. I was like, who? I was talking about it on the corner of my ear. I thought his parents must have been thinking about it. My daughter's name is Boss Tang. It's funny. Then But when I changed to Boss Tang, Boss Tang actually felt that he was too shy to be a Yan. So he may have prepared a speech for this reason. And his phone started to look at Xiao Chao over there. Unlike me, I just went up to the stage and did freestyle. But what I'm talking about is a very boring video. But he had to say what he said on stage is really funny. Very interesting. I can't help but think about it. Oh, Siba. He prepared such a good content. I was talking about a hundred years of good cooperation with a low-key person. Super low-key person. I thought everyone must be thinking about it. I thought it was a very interesting person. No, I really thought this occasion was more positive. I was warned.
(63:42~64:43) But he was talking about something super. What did he talk about? He said he talked about something super. He said Xiao Bing and Boss Tang have prepared their new room. And somewhere I don't know where to talk about it. And then he said he went to their room. I haven't been to their room. So I lost this point. He said they went to their room. I found out because Boss Tang likes to have a treasured dream. He filled the bed with a treasured cloth. And then basically the bed only had one space left. Let Boss Tang sleep. So it seems because he at that time, Boss Tang seemed to put a lot of treasures on the bed. So in that period, Xiao Bing could only sleep on the sofa. And then he told this story. I don't know if it's true or not. It's a bit like a real one. But anyway, he said this. He told Xiao Bing and his parents that you know your son can only sleep on the sofa at home. And then I thought, oh my god. You also said this. Because later, they were in the wedding. And there was a card game. Card game is that everyone finds a QR code. And then everyone can take the機 to answer some
(64:43~65:43) some questions prepared by the host on the spot. And then see who's the highest score. But at the beginning, you have to first enter your nickname. And then his nickname, Hao Ge's nickname is the bed of Xiao Bing. He didn't mention any Hao Ge. Two words. But when everyone saw the letter and the bed of Xiao Bing, you knew that this must be Hao Ge. Because this is the story of Hao Ge. I thought, why is this person so chicken-faced? And then you dare to talk about this in the wedding. I thought I didn't have to say this. Hey, hey, hey, you have. Xiao Bing appeared. I think I regret it that day. I think it's a bit too serious. Because Boss Tang's smile is very special. If you have seen some Hao Ge's videos or watched the video above, you have actually seen Boss Tang's smile. Because he wasn't a good person. But sometimes his voice, his smile sounds a bit like this. I don't know how to learn. His dog. Anyway, it's like a chicken-faced dog lying on the sofa. And then the host suddenly sits down on his butt. And then the sound he heard when he was stepped on. It's like a dog being stepped on his mouth or when he was sitting on his body. The sound of the weird sound.
(65:43~66:46) We all think it's like a dog. And then... And then... Because there were some very funny videos on the scene. After talking about these funny videos, I have to say, I don't know how to learn. I don't know how to learn. I know I don't look like one. But anyway, it's like that. Because usually, there are not videos that are edited when they are in a wedding. And then they are shown in the video of the two of them. Or what are they doing? Those kind of commemorative videos. That video is Xiao Bing. Our photography editor. And he personally copied the video. He did this for this video. He tried to edit it for three days and three nights. And then he didn't sleep. I just thought, do you have a job? He said he didn't sleep for three days and three nights. I was thinking, do you have a real job? But this is not the point. The point is, his performance was really good. He said he didn't want to release it. I don't know what will happen. Anyway, he edited a story and a special effect. And then he edited all the parts. All very perfect. A nice short film. It's great. And then... The process was very funny.
(66:46~67:46) The audience, whether it's elders or young guests, were all laughing. And then... And then who was also laughed at? That is... The boss was also laughed at. And then the dog called the voice. When I was listening in the stage, I thought it was funny. Why did he send the dog called the voice? Usually, if I'm at work today, don't look at it. Our goal is, as long as you hear this voice, there will be people who start to say, how come there is a dog here? Why would there be a dog? But I dare not say. Because I thought at the time, hey, his elders are all here. If I heard, I was there and said, how come there is a dog here? He would be angry. When I was still thinking like this, when Brother Cai was shouting directly, how come there is a dog here? I... I... Later, the dog called the voice. I thought in my heart, am I really thinking too much? There is no one here at all. I kept thinking, we have to give the new people some... some space. Then... Brother Cai must be thinking of beautiful things. And then,
(67:46~68:48) everyone's blessing. Ah, the result, I'm here. Everyone is there. I really will be mad. But there is a good difference on the scene. Because Xiao Bing's wedding video was cut too well. Because that day, another one was also there. After he saw that video, when it ended, you really think he entered a depressed mood. Then he suddenly said there, what should I do? I'm under so much pressure now. Because many people also think one plus one is a very intelligent person. Then cut down the ability, and the level of a person very high. He said, because he may be getting married with Yili recently. There is already a fixed date. He thought, I see Xiao Bing's video cut so well. If my video cut is worse than his, he will laugh at me. So he was all envious. Suddenly, others were all laughing. After taking a shower, he was ready to leave. Only one person was sitting on the chair and thinking about what to do with my wedding video. That's why he didn't give Xiao Bing a video.
(68:48~69:49) I really think this person is too generous. There is a an exception. When he started, didn't he want to get the gold medal? Then our company Amy, she also wanted to get the gold medal, the red envelope, and then take it to the table. She was there. Because she usually writes her own name. However, others don't know who got the red envelope. She had to register the last time. She had to pay for the Choe A Festival. At that time, Amy, she wrote three letters, A, M, Y. I told her, how many Amy do you think today? There are ten Amy today. Amy has such a common name. You just write Amy. Who knows you are Amy? Then Amy thought about it. She just put a Ji-i-ka-wa Amy next to her. I said, Ji-i-ka-wa is a blessing? She said, she thought she had to write like this. They must know it's Amy who works at the label. I said, who knows? Maybe Xiaobing or Boss Tang knows. But you think Xiaobing or Boss Tang will register the Li-Jing's Li-Jing's notebook? No. It must be her her trusted family or good friends
(69:49~70:49) who helped her register. Who knows Ji-i-ka-wa's Amy? Which Amy? No one knows. Don't give others trouble. Then Amy asked me, what exactly do I write? It will make others think deeply. They will remember who the person is. I thought about it. I told her, I said, you just put a line next to Amy and write that you are really lucky to see you again. You just write like this. I promise you Boss Tang will bring it out and ask Xiaobing who the red envelope is. Who is Amy? Then they will know who it is. Anyway, that day is a very happy event. I haven't seen Cai Ge for a long time. Then Ah Jie came again. That day, it seems that AK
(70:49~71:50) and Thomas didn't come. In addition, the second generation of the staff just arrived. They haven't come yet. That day that day is really very happy. Then that day, Cai Ge didn't know why he was very excited. We were not in the wedding ceremony. Someone would take a camera. That is to say, it is possible that their staff shot the video. That is to say, I want to help you record a paragraph. Then the blessing Ah Jie only gives new people to see. So you just talk casually. So I thought about this. Of course, you just talk about some blessings. So I didn't think too much. I didn't want to talk about anything. After I finished talking, I felt that all the scenes including Cai Ge were there. It was a very disappointing appearance. I thought, you only have this ability. You can only talk about this. After Cai Ge started to take the camera. He started to do the performance. I want to say again. This video is only for the blessing of new people. I didn't plan to upload it on the Internet. I didn't want to throw it anywhere. I didn't want to show it to anyone. He started to take the camera to do various performances. Then he started talking.
(71:50~72:50) So he started pulling the camera. But the camera is just one by one asking what you want to talk to the new people. Recording a paragraph. Congratulations. I really see you today. I'm happy. It's just like this. But he started pulling the camera. He used the way of the host. One by one. Come on, this table. Come on. One by one. You talk first. What do you want to talk about? Then look at the effect over there. Then he kept doing this. This whole whole experience. process. Then he finished it with the way of the host. I was watching it next to him. I thought, is Cai Ge very lonely? Because actually he is in his own show. He is in his own channel. His video is of course pretty. He has his own style. But because in that show, he is the main character. Although Oror may have a sea or a jay. He is his two friends. But basically he doesn't need to be the host. Because he just takes a picture of himself. But only when he is working. He must be responsible for the host. So he is doing his own channel.
(72:50~73:51) He may not be the host for a long time. So in that time, when he was looking for the photographer, I was wondering if he was a Yaki. I wanted to be the host. No, but it was just my imagination. That day, I think he was in a good mood. Because he told me that boss, we rarely have so many people here today. You should make some short videos. He suggested this to me. He told me that the character is a character. I said, you are the master of the old man. And the five little characters. And the little character grew up. And the old master became very old. And he was like a demon. You mean that comic? He said, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. We are going to take that. I was thinking, is it necessary? Do I have to do this? But he really went to the next table. Then went to that sister. Go to the official marxi. There is a story. Hey, hey, hey, let's go to the boss to take this. I didn't take it later. Because I really thought it was too troublesome.
(73:51~75:26) And then there are a lot of activities and things that continue. So I didn't do this. But at that time, there was a feeling that that atmosphere was very happy. Everyone was very happy. That although I didn't take that video, that is, Ren Zhe Gui and that old master of the old master's video didn't take this thing. But for me, I think my mood I am a little bit of this mood. I have this feeling myself. I think for me, I have already I don't need to do this thing. I have that feeling too. All right, at the end of this side, I give a little cake a song wedding wedding song
(75:26~76:29) you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you so you you you
(76:29~78:31) I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you Jo Jo Jo Jo Jo Jo Jo Jo Jo Jo! Do you think you could make us happy? When we ourselves, even ourselves... Everyone in this world bullies you And how much our life could make it happen for all of us... Bring us to in the world of love... What if some day we should perform the punk dance dance broke?
(78:31~79:34) I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you!
(79:34~80:37) The journey of fate begins Let's go on a journey of fate Last week I had so many things to do On last weekends I was going togress channel and get ещё on the legs of a backgroundifter I followed him I also went to the training workshop of FAMY then and I had a tradition in FAMY it was theela when I participated in a lot of competitions we Vietnam attended around 70 so actually There are very few people who can come. This is the 30th anniversary of the 46th World War. Our general plan is to find a lot of partners,
(80:37~81:38) and to find all the people who can share the world. The scene is about 1200 people. Maybe 8% of the students are back. But it seems that the number of people in each class is no longer there. Although we are about 49 or 50 years old, some of the students are already there. Because of all the accidents or diseases, some of the other reasons may have left early. I think it's a joke or a eating and drinking activity. But I have to say that the scene is not like that at all. I think the viewers who are watching this live now have experienced that 30 years later, there are very few students. If you have the chance, you should go and have a look. Because this experience is too hard to describe. I have to say it in a word. Because we have been active for two days.
(81:38~82:39) We have dinner on Saturday night. We gather together and have dinner here. The next day, we go to attend the school holidays. The school holidays are like the 30th anniversary of the Shang Ge. We have another meeting. The school president is there. The school president will support us. The school has support. After the interaction, we start singing the song. Dong Hai Dong Yu Shan Xia Pei. This is not the point. But you don't have to know what I sang. But because we had dinner last night, we drank too much. So many people... Actually, last night, we didn't know. We drank until we were in the house. Actually, last night, many people have never seen the noodles in the past 30 years. Many things have happened in the middle. Although it is a good restaurant, and we prepared a good table of wine dishes, I didn't see anyone eating. I didn't cover you. There are so few people eating. The dishes are all over the table. They are all broken out. Everyone is talking and drinking.
(82:39~83:41) There are people on the stage who are performing. No one cares. Because more than 1,000 students are too busy at that time. Everyone has become very young. Many people do important work in different fields. For example, I have a classmate. He was a finance minister in a bank. And... He drank too much last night. So he forgot what he was talking about last night. So the next day, I asked him, did you drink a lot last night? Do you remember what you said to me yesterday? He said, I forgot. I told you what I said to you yesterday. I told him, you promised me that you would pay me $1 million for your bank. Did you forget? He immediately showed up and said, it's really fake. I have talked about paying you $1 million. But he immediately told me, I should not say this. But if you have the money, you can really come and talk to me. But... The feeling of this magic is a bit hard to describe. Why did the finance minister drink so much that day? Actually, he didn't drink.
(83:41~84:42) He had his own reasons for drinking. The reason for drinking too much that day was, he had a very good friend. And he was one of the classmates in the same class. But after graduation, and 30 years of school, most of the people were different. They didn't see each other for a long time. But he only had a good relationship with that person. They were in contact. And no one knew that the class was over two years ago. The reason for the past is not clear. We don't know the reason. We didn't go to ask. But he didn't tell anyone. And that classmate, he helped him to sign the 30-year-old contract. Because he was going to sign it and pay the money. Because you have to keep a position. And the position that was kept will appear on the 90s. That is, his name. His name will appear on that position. So everyone thought that classmate would come. And as time went by, it was getting late. He didn't show up. He was drunk. He suddenly said something.
(84:42~85:44) He said something to everyone. I told everyone, who is who? He is not comfortable today. There is something that can't be done. You don't have to ask. You all know that he will be here. Let's go. The event was over. We went to have a drink. Let's go to KTV. Let's go to KTV. I don't know how late they were. I thought, I was guessing. Because these people have great jobs. They are not young. The KTV they are talking about is not a very common KTV. They should spend more money. I didn't want to spend that money. I just think my wife would be angry. So I told them I want to go home first. So the next day I told her, you know what? A lot of things happened that day. I also... Like I met many people in reality. I met many friends who are working or know each other. But I didn't expect to meet them at the scene. I knew we are the same classmate.
(85:44~87:01) This is a very strange experience. But something interesting happened that day. I have a classmate. I mentioned this before. He is not like me. But I am very close to him. We have common ideas and ideas. We like to talk and share. He is Ding Yungong. He used to be a tutor. He is very important. He is quite a skull. Then he used to live in famous national yeah. He was born with Tool 외卢 in England. He is talented. peacefully, he期望制補的 schAlex of the bully. He was really skillful.
(87:01~88:03) Everyone thought he'd neglect a father somewhere he grew up after he took a It's in the office of the public prosecutor. It's a very clear action. So it's a big mistake to let people think that he's really guilty. This is also a fact. I think he should feel ashamed for this. He must also change. But he has to say that he's really in a bad mood these few years. Because this matter has been going on for a long time. He's not even a criminal. But when someone wants to attack the People's Party, he might take out his name and write it down. No matter how important he is now, he's not working in the People's Party. He doesn't have any salary. He's actually in a public prosecutor's office. He's probably a job that he can't afford. In comparison to the students who graduated from our school, many of them have a big job. They all have a good job. One of the four major lawyers is a legal partner.
(88:03~89:06) For example, a legal officer, a legal investment agent. Everyone has a good job. He's really in a bad mood. At the same time, he's in a bad mood. He might post a super negative Facebook post every day. Everyone doesn't know how to help him. They just feel that he's in a low mood. But we can't help him. Because in reality, I can't give him a job. When we had the 30th anniversary of the election, our general manager, Xu Bodun, he didn't mind my mentioning his name. He might have mentioned his name in the news. He's the general manager of Li Guang. Li Guang is RICO, R-I-C-O-H. I also bought a camera, a G-R-3, the company of the camera. It's a daily product. But of course, his main job is not selling cameras. But they're a small company. They mainly do medical equipment and some kind of
(89:06~90:07) smart equipment. They're responsible for this kind of business. They're responsible for this kind of activity. He has an idea. He wants to hold a construction center in Kanwu. The school in middle school was called the construction center in Qingyuan. He wanted to launch a construction center in Kanwu. He came to be the general manager of Ding Yungong. In fact, in middle school, more than a thousand students have been graduated from the Bibi-Jiesh Foundation. Not only Ding Yungong, but he decided to find Ding Yungong. It's actually his intention. He wanted to give him an important job. He wanted to make him feel that he was one of the participants and not isolated. Because Ding Yungong has always felt that he was not in the society, even not liked by his classmates. In fact, he was the general manager of the Bibi-Jiesh Foundation. He was dissatisfied with some of his classmates. After all, there must be some people who think Ding Yungong is such a hot-headed person.
(90:07~91:07) He wanted to take part in such an important job and make him feel that he was not interested in the construction center. But he didn't mind. He thought he was looking for him. When he made this construction center, he was going to have dinner and finish the day before. He wanted to make some of his classmates who are more loyal to the event. He invited them to give them some support and encouragement. He said, who is responsible for the event? Who is responsible for the food? Who is responsible for what? He invited them to come. He finally called Ding Yungong. He was the general manager of Bibi-Jiesh Foundation. He did most of the work. When everyone was called on stage, he was the chief manager. That's all. When you arrive at Ding Yungong, you can feel that there are two or three people on stage. You can see that the expression is not happy. There are people who are indifferent, cold-hearted, and even anti-dissatisfied. But only Ding Yungong gets the biggest applause. When he walked through the end of the 90s,
(91:07~92:08) you can feel that he is not sure whether he would be welcomed. He may know that he was hated by some people. So you will feel that he is shy, embarrassed, and not aware of the wrong situation. But when he walked through the end of the 90s, everyone gave him the biggest applause. Even at the end, and there are no others, he was taken up by everyone like a hero, and sent to the stage. I want to say something first. I didn't want to say that Ding Yungong is a hero. I didn't want to say that he is a good person that I hope you can agree with. He did the wrong thing. You have to compare him. I think that everyone has their own freedom. Why do I think that this is a very emotional place? Because everyone is like that. We think Ding Yungong is my classmate. No matter how people outside hate him, criticize him, but here, we just want to be a classmate and make him stand up again. Make him feel that he is welcomed, and liked. That is a very emotional moment. After I went back,
(92:08~93:08) I saw another classmate who wrote a letter. He wrote that this event really made him feel very positive. After 30 years, he must have experienced a lot of conflicts and conflicts. But in these 30 years, he has already washed away all the things. You will feel that you have received forgiveness for everything. Everyone is good friends. I feel really touched. It's a very special thing. Actually, there was a difference between the two of us. The host of the event was Xie Xin. I don't know if you remember, she was with A Xiang who was a woman who had an affair with an outsider. She was originally a person who was a person who was a host. But because of this incident, and because of this scandal, she and A Xiang couldn't continue working in the camp. That day, she was actually the one who was the host. Then, when we arrived at the stage, I was also at the scene of the show.
(93:08~94:08) It was our final move. She introduced Ding Yun Gong and Xie Xin to two people. And she said, you two are all from the world. I thought, you are so ridiculous. People would want to hear you say this. I thought, Xie Xin, you are really good. But after you said this, I thought you were not a person who was happy. But I don't know. But I think this fate is quite strange. I don't think anyone will remember this. But Xie Xin and A Xiang, when they were having an external pregnancy, I once posted a article on Facebook. I said, if this world, I said, if this world happens, after a while, A Xiang will be resurrected again, and continue to work like nothing. And Xie Xin will disappear from this show. I will be very disappointed in this world. Because I am talking about the most of these kinds of events.
(94:08~95:08) Girls are often the most suffering. And the most hurt. I don't want to say who will be responsible for more. I just want to say that everyone is half and half. 100% is the same. The mistakes are all the same. But you don't know why. Boys are easy to be forgiven and re-established. There are many examples like this in the past. I actually don't know how Xie Xin has been in the past few years. Because I don't pay much attention to the acting circle in Taiwan. But later, I met her as the host in the show. And she is very familiar. She has been in contact with all the drunk people in the scene. I have a little bit of emotion in my heart. I feel like like what I said in the past. If Xie Xin disappears from this show, I think the world will be very bad. But fortunately,
(95:08~96:08) because of this event, I saw Xie Xin and everyone's encouragement to the audience. So I know the world is not that bad. So next, let's go back to the 90s. Music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music,
(96:08~97:28) music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music,
(97:28~98:38) Fan out, you're so ugly, it's none of my business This is our stage, the beauty of the world Let the sea be quiet and clear Tell me what's your name Accept this love I love you, my love Don't you know Give me everything I need you I'm my stepmother Follow me, follow me Follow me, follow me Then forget and find true love La, la, la, la Follow me, follow me La, la, la, la Follow me, follow me What's your name I love you Don't you know I eat you
(98:38~99:39) For tenapper Tenapper I don't know if this is the most on the market? 6-5-9-0 I think... Because I... You probably have 7000 before, I think But thank you YT YT Lu, he said Every time you have to listen to the song, you will be very hard to sing Hard to sing It's already the 17th of January I hope that when you are 20 or 30 years old You can have the same classmate And the boss will take care of your body But you know This time, there is a general will Because I have to say It's really hard to find someone Because this year, our slogan is One can't be missed Of course, it's impossible to miss one But we can find everyone It's a bit like the old school Think of a way He goes down first And then think of a way Everyone can find a person in charge And then one by one
(99:39~100:39) Always pull the whole group up So he spent about 100 days He's not If you say to everyone until the end Put on the air No, it won't come I tell you Because like our classmates Not in Taiwan In America In Japan In Guangzhou Where Everyone is working in different places But I must say We are doing that We are in the 46th floor This happened to a funny thing We are in the 46th floor So when we were taking the big photo I didn't find the big photo today He is I should find the big photo Okay, then he took the big photo He said Come on, let's think about it on the stage We are 46th floor Everyone is 46th Then he might want to change his move Okay, now everyone is here Yeah, everyone is like this Then we thought Hey, we have a lot of classmates Working in China I thought I'm more than this You are sure I'm beautiful
(100:39~101:39) I saw A 49-year-old junior A-bei And some of them I know one of them In Guangzhou He is a professor in Guangzhou He is sitting next to me 46th floor I was like I'm really fine I hope I hope that Chinese authorities Can understand This is 46th floor I don't know why I suddenly think Everyone, come here and compare It's funny, they are not that small Okay, that's all for today That's all for today Then Some comments from the audience Then there was a Suzy He said Dongdae is going to eat hot pot It's better to spend more time
(101:39~102:40) I like to see the happy boss I was not happy for a few weeks I'm not happy I'm really I'm not so good at brainwashing I accidentally pulled my hands I really hurt I'm not feeling well I hope that I can take a break Suzy is so pitiful But this kind of I think your photos are very young So young people have a advantage That is to grow fast And the business is better So I believe you can recover soon Don't worry too much Don't give him too much force Don't pull him anymore Then remember to see the doctor You can see the doctor Different treatment methods Maybe a little faster He said He said He said He heard the song of Basara It's a young apple It's too nostalgic I was so famous when I was a kid But I heard this song before I think it's super good I've never heard it before
(102:40~103:40) I went to listen to the song I found that the song was really good I should have sung this song It's a young apple It's a young apple I want to see the young apple Can I find this song Hmm It's a young apple It's a young apple Is this one? Did I forget this song? I remember it It's not the original song It's okay That's it I forgot Thank you for the egg Actually, there was a comment from the staff I also read it Ding Bao said I'm Ding Bao
(103:40~104:40) I want to ask you I'm 26 years old I haven't been to the public I often think about where I'm going I'm going to the wrong place I was sick for nearly 10 years I was almost in my heart I went back to the psychology clinic The high-risk family and the high-risk school My heart was broken when I was in college I've been in therapy for many years I thought I was fine I don't need medication I've been in psychology since I was a kid I was still in the social circle I was in the middle of the school I was lonely and hurt But I was in trouble I was not like this before I used to be the best student My classmates took me to the medical school I was chosen I failed to accept my own success I was anxious to study I was hurt I was hurt I was killed I was like a ghost I was deeply responsible for my life I was responsible for my life I was hurt
(104:40~105:41) I was still in the media I was in the cloud I was in the cloud I was so hateful I failed to control my life I was deeply understanding I was in the cloud I thought I was fine I was still sick But my heart was broken I was in the hospital I was later finally unwell I don't know I knew that was my own experience Everyone was Hok rant I was about to cry I was expectingayı I read the book I woke up as a child I was pushed back I just wanted to support I was not in the middle of school I kept only how to work I was successful I thought I was still in high school I'm already a teenager. I'm really sad. What do you think I should do to make it real? Put down the past injury and move on to the present and future. I want to explain what just happened.
(105:41~106:41) I forgot to return the tissue after using it. So he's really angry. Okay, I'm done. That's my fault. This is totally my fault. Okay, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry I disturbed the time of Ding Bao. I want to talk to Ding Bao here. I'm not a professional about the problem of the heart problem. I'm not saying that I can't understand. I used to have to see a doctor and take medicine. But I think there must be a big difference between the deep class. So I think it's okay to say that with my experience. You can't accept it. I think I'm not persuasive. But I still try to talk about my thoughts. I have a point of view. When we face a complicated project, we don't know what to do, we usually have an idea.
(106:41~107:41) We try to complete micro-achievement first. For example, the ultimate goal is to develop a game. But it sounds complicated, right? If you cut it into a task, you can write a plan first. It sounds like a big task. You can write a 100-page rule. It's hard to write this. I'll cut it into a little bit. For example, I'll open a file called the plan. You can do this as a task. Cut it into a small piece. You try to complete this task. When you complete this task, you'll realize that it seems like you've done a task. You'll have a small sense of achievement. You'll try to keep going with the next small achievement. You're small in every step, but keep going. You'll reach the end. Every time I feel I'm not good at talking, I have that situation.
(107:41~108:41) I've shared this. I'd like to do something first. You might have a few hours, but I'm not good at talking. I don't know what to do. I'll do one thing. For example, I found a blood on the table. I'll tell myself not to think so much. If I can do it, I'll just throw this into the trash can. This is super easy. But when you stand up and throw it into the trash can, you'll leave the sofa. You'll leave the frozen state. You'll start to think, I've already thrown the trash can. Maybe I can wash a bowl. Then you'll wash it. After you wash it, you'll feel that it's better to just wash the floor. So you wash the floor again. These things treat your symptoms, make you uncomfortable and distant.
(108:41~109:41) There's no direct relationship. But with each and every thing you do, maybe you've already worn your clothes and walked outside your house. Do some really difficult things. Act with each other. Act with each other. I don't think you need to... I think this deep question is a very troublesome question. You have to work hard but you can't really work hard. This is a very subtle situation. You can't tell yourself to work hard. Don't give yourself pressure. So you might do something that's not as stressful as it is. You don't need to do it immediately. You don't need to do it immediately. Wait until you're ready. Do the smallest thing. Just a little bit of work. Then you can go to the toilet. Yes, why don't you do it? I forgot. I'm busy today.
(109:41~110:41) I'm busy today. I can't make it today. I'm late for the live broadcast. Sorry. Alright. Dongxun said we're outside the Legislative Council. It's been hard. I just shared some thoughts about the Legislative Council. I think it's a little bit of time ahead. I don't know if you saw it. Alright. I have to remind you that we have a swagger. Swagger is the native person and the voice platform. You can't join the Legislative Council. There are many interesting and interesting content. You can unlock it. You can pay for it. You can use it to get all kinds of services. For example, there are some creators who create beautiful videos. You don't have to subscribe.
(110:41~111:41) You don't need to feel pressured. You can see what you like. These videos are usually expected. You can see it for 10 or 15 seconds. After watching it, you can see it. But you can only see it when you're watching it. It's a pity. It's like a Japanese AV girl. She's watching it. But the biggest difference is she's the creator of the original. You can use the instruction to do the instruction. You can do some technical content. You can even talk to her. You can interact with her directly. It's possible. And during Christmas there are some special events. Please remember to go to their event page to see the details of their event. If you go to the registration they will give you free to watch the live stream. If you enter
(111:41~112:41) SWAG 5000 they will give you 5000 diamonds to watch the special events on the platform. Okay, that's it. Thank you. Z29 I'm 12 years old. I can't speak. I'm sorry. Did you hear that? I'm not good at talking. Hello, Gwaji. I'm a fan of Weng Ge Hua. I want to tell you that Weng Ge Hua is 9000 km away. He will listen to your live stream and the new information. We went to the airport together when he was born. We listened to the new information when he was born. I'm a fan of Weng Ge Hua. Please tell me which one you love the most. I'm happy to see
(112:41~113:41) you. This is the one. Which one do you love the most? The one with the magic. What is it? The one with the magic. Good night. I went to the south to see the the event. I heard that it's good. I haven't seen it. I recommend the one with the magic. The one with the magic. I'm sure it will make you excited. I recommend the theme song. The theme song is about my life. I talk to my friends and even sing. I'm happy to hear that. Thank you. I'm happy to hear that. It's good. That's great. As a student in the national high school I find that it's not easy for people to find their own life.
(113:41~114:53) Don't be a bit too busy. Just give me the chance. I'm satisfied. I hope you can say yes to my students. Thank you for inviting me. I'm happy to be part of this great event. I'm so happy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm happy to hear that. I hope you can say yes to my students. I'm happy to hear that. I'm happy to hear that. I'm happy to hear that. And then... What else? I want to sleep. I hope everything goes well. I want to sleep. I don't have anything to sing today. I'll sing a song for myself.
(114:53~116:03) I can't believe I can hear this well. I want to sleep. I'm sorry. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm sorry. I'm happy. I'm so happy. I'm happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. On this cold cold winter night wish you are with me So I pray and pray that soon you'll be mine And I'll be yours for long long time This is a love song for you And me I pray and pray that soon you'll be mine
(116:03~117:03) And I'll be yours for long long time I pray and pray that soon you'll be mine I used to think that Tainan is very mysterious But I think that King of the Dark is also good I personally like Tainan the most And King of the Dark is also good But I think that when he went to the Dark Road I didn't see him for too long Sometimes he would think that he is in the palace
(117:03~118:07) He doesn't have any feelings But I saw him again from the beginning And I suddenly found that he is really good But before that, his explanation was too much And he kept looking at me So you can't see the feeling And you will see that the plot is really strong And there is a god in the middle So I really hope that he can finish the Dark Road And Adam Zhou said that he can only sleep early tomorrow And he was hoping that the boss would wish him a happy birthday on the 21st So I said that if it's convenient, I hope that I can live a happy life Spicy Jesus
(118:07~119:08) Spicy Jesus Oh, it sounds good It sounds good Ah, Ian is crazy Little Han Han He said, Hello, I have been a boyfriend for 8 years I will listen to your live stream every week Thank you for helping us spend the longest time
(119:08~120:08) The longest time of our lives Today is the birthday of a boyfriend I think that a boyfriend is very similar to a boyfriend's values and personality Because he is often like a boyfriend I hope that a boyfriend can wish him a happy birthday He is Zhang Jun Di, 33 years old This is an old friend who is a lonely sweet shop Jun Di, 33 years old, happy birthday Ah Han, I love you And then he said, Irene, don't peek Okay Irene, did you hear that? He is a very good person I am still me You are still you Wait up This song is called Spicy Jesus's
(120:08~121:08) Na San Goodbye Na San Na Cheng Superman is Jun Di I love you And then KAK3W Even though the previous performance equipment is also a little bit You are not a recording man anymore Okay, okay It's okay But I really want to go by myself For me, going by myself Is a breakthrough I want to do this I want to do this I want to do this I want to do this And then LvVot I actually have a recording
(121:08~122:08) But Some of the things I am still thinking about Because basically it's a failure Just take a failure to show you Do I need to take a failure to show you I don't know about this Maybe I will show you I look at the picture And then LWW Do you usually have cat's eyes? I secretly tell you that I love to have cat's eyes Because I think it's a little bit perverse But I will be casted by cats I like to have cats' stomach I think the stomach really tastes great I heard that some people also like Cat's skin But I'm not good at this Yeah, don't mention the eyes, okay Mars said Thank you for your company tonight I received a monthly report I was in a bad mood But I'm much better now I'm not bad I'm fine Now it's only one month You must be very sad But in a few months You will be able to accept this
(122:08~123:08) It will be more fun And then Everyone started to sing I was just kidding Everyone really started to sing It's crazy, I don't have so much time I just said that after the store is over I can go to the nearby Mo Yang ramen So good The yang ramen Then I'll write it down Have a chance Ah Xiong said I heard you were better Carried the Now it's night, everyone should go wake up ...hungry Chevron A few months ago, Don shoveled me into composer's home They showed me his work They anderer and require pressure with counter-ins Начetzog I'm a glutton, and my senate chosen me at my Bacon I work as a Options Knight
(123:08~124:11) At that moment, I looked like commit suicide my sepulcher shot my mama-tape I got a pen in the responsibility and all I could refuse was, hahaha Olle... wait a sec a stranger called Tom This person is called Cai Bingchun Oh, it's so late. Is there anyone sleeping in this song? I tell you This is the song Cai Bingchun likes Everyone has a misunderstanding He likes electronic things Where's your head at? Where's your head at? Where's your head at? Drop it
(124:11~125:13) Okay, I'll come back Right Where's your? Where's your head at? Where's your head at? Where's your head at? Don't let the boys cave in on you You can leave home, leave home without you You can leave home, leave home without you But I, you got me wrong, you won't let me out you Don't let the walls cave in on you You get what you give that much to do
(125:13~126:14) I got you wrong, you won't let me out you You get what you give that much to do I got you wrong, you won't let me out you You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You got what you give that much to do
(126:14~127:19) You get what you give that much to do I got you wrong, you won't let me out you You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do
(127:19~128:19) You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do You get what you give that much to do This song is from Basement Jax Someone just said that I want to play a song
(128:19~129:34) I think I'm going to play a song now I'm going to play a song Someone also wants me to recommend a song I just said Nicky I'm going to play a song I'm going to play a song Do you want to blow out the steam Let's blow out the steam together Often people are Sport Kappa I often Szur 내용 Fun sewing No, no. It's not this船. This is wrong. I probably need to search this.
(129:34~130:35) stronger. He has a wife and brother where do you get this job? he says when he was inarinocent, he was 25 years old It's so fascinating This is of alltså 15 from zen He's 25 arrived at brown young thing please enjoy me I Want to order a grass winter Do you want to order a song Impossible ah can't finish A n said you can order a lot of Kenji Lamar New album's Gloria Although Luther is not bad But Gloria That's a real battle Too much Fress said she wanted to Wait for the live broadcast Wait for the plane Finally, she watched What do you usually do on the plane? Do you have a recommendation?
(130:35~131:37) ah Look at the A-Pian I'm so White I just saw it on the plane Can download Can download the A-Pian of Swag No, not I'm on the plane I usually prepare a book Then there is One album But what do you watch at the time of the album? What have I been watching recently? I just watched the life cut song Although it's old Old album For a while More than a year or two But it's still pretty If you haven't seen it Like a little bit of a science topic You can watch the life cut song Then what does the box say? Good evening, boss Last birthday The fourth live broadcast of the week It's 2019 This five years from high school to now The university is almost graduated I love you today Wow Now finally the university is graduating I hope you can find a good job
(131:37~132:38) Bang bang bang bang bang bang I hope your life is great All right, come on, open the box All right, Liao Junkai Come on, come on All right, it's almost There are some songs to be played today But I think it's like this All right, let me tell you The end of today's festival I'll play a song
(132:38~133:39) And then this song is At the same time, I'll give it to Alan I'll give it to Nikkie too Because because of this Okay Because actually there's not much time I've been reading it for almost a year Okay Then don't cry He said I'm going to register tomorrow Although I can't chase you on live broadcast But I still hope to be able to Remember this last single night Then I congratulate you here I also hope that is The next one is A life of a happy one Thank you for your support For me all the time All right, Micu, Mila, great And then Which song should I play? Do I really have to play this song? Because actually I think it's really not suitable for people to encourage To play the grass But because But because Alan has a special Famous grass Then I'll I'll choose one All right You said you don't want to be here I don't want to be here either But the sky is too fast I can't get out of here I love you But it's okay
(133:39~134:39) It's okay It's okay It's okay You are our continuation You think it's impossible to grow up I love you All right It's late Get ready to say goodnight to everyone You said you don't want to be here I don't want to be here either But the sky is too fast I can't get out of here Oh, I love you It's a pity that it's not my fault It's not my fault
(134:39~135:40) You are our next Oh, I love you I don't care about those questions But you left here So we're not here My eyes
(135:40~136:40) I'm done with the book, please It's really late Everyone is ready to sleep, okay? It's time to sleep You're going to sleep Don't listen to the song anymore This is the 25th year of the yellow street The last song Don't make a noise You can't do it again It's very late You know now It's already 12 o'clock Okay Go to bed early Work tomorrow I've spent a summer I've spent a winter I'm used to missing you I'll follow you here Hey, hey The country's biggest Sofya Aja Aka Jerry Wang Often use Tai Chi Suzie Marcus Bioshavik Miao Daniel Amber Huang Hanice Wind-wrapped egg Ratchi Basano DiveFans Jennifer Chih Hao Hong DaTian Hong
(136:40~137:40) Amber Huang Wang Yu Li Huang Jiaju Riya Irene Li Si And Henwu Liding Mars JYC Amber Huang Dongdong LF Henwu The beach Rupot Kailin Bilang Ailun Hong DaTian Hong Jennifer Chih Ah Xiong Ji De Guanghua Wellenbao Snow White Jingfa Wu Zhenwei Xiao Xiong Bo Bo Poshling James Zhuang Peggy I'm in the 0 And then Wow, too many Yishan Ah ah ah Li Chenghan Chen Kaite And then Tu Tu And then Gao Gao Ji Xu Pei Fang KYW Jialin TH Evan Dong Nikos Xuanqi Maya Yalin Xu Shaonian
(137:40~138:42) Chae Cili And then Nica老師 Nik Tsai Xia Sonik Baba And then Ting Chen Chen Tianying Jennifer Chih Oh, I just heard it, sorry Answer Xiao An Wen Zi Ge Ge Maikumi ZY Wang Junyu Wang Junyu Wang An Liu Zhengzhi Wang An K.L Yang And then This is the powder All right Xiong Ding Dang Ning Ah Bu Hana Me Wuts Oh S Around
(138:42~138:45) A
