(00:00~01:02) 
(01:02~02:10) I Do
(02:10~03:11) Do Hello, everyone. I'm the Wajie. And then today is our Wajie store EP 210 Today's theme is if there was a word What is the word Finally, I will talk about what it is And then I actually have to talk about what I have been online for half a day I just got here for beer and I found that my document was not open I am a person who does not know how to do things So I am really a person who is arrogant If there is no rules, I do not know how to do things I really hate freestyle I am not good at freestyle I think that my first thing to talk about is a very boring thing I want to I went to the recording this week I sent a letter when I went to the recording Most people are talking about that I was very happy with the recording Because this weekend Because I sent a letter
(03:11~04:11) Some people have some unsatisfied feelings Although I do not think I said something wrong But it's okay Anyway, someone has different opinions I also respect Some people will think that I am刻意 It's easy to express It must be because of what Qiu Wei Jie is a person who is very shy And especially wants to express Actually, he is wearing a fake mask And he is crying in his heart Because at that time I really I think it's very happy But I do not want to explain this thing I just want to talk about the situation at that time So I do not want to explain more Believe it, believe it, believe it, believe it, just forget it But I saw a message from Xia Mei I am very dissatisfied I must mention the serious control There is a person who is Just saying that the gossip is definitely lying Because I have a document in it It's written like this He said I went to the recording I was going to use the English word for the afternoon English word for the afternoon With little cucumber Then I picked up the steak at night Then I made this white vegetable pork pot Then blah blah blah Then I felt very happy about all this I mostly wrote like this He said the gossip must be lying Do you think I am happy to lie to you? He wrote that English word for the afternoon How can it be delicious
(04:11~05:11) I listened to it and I was angry I am a 120% English word for the afternoon The guardian I tell you, there is no live audience You are also the guardian of the English word for the afternoon Tell me your opinion Is it really delicious I tell you, if you used to think that the English word for the afternoon It's delicious It's hard to eat There is a very big possibility You eat delicious English word for the afternoon In this world Middle-East cuisine Colorful cuisine Many places have English word for the afternoon Everyone's cooking in the restaurant is wonderful But you are like a pork rice You are all over Taiwan today There are tens of thousands of pork rice How many delicious ones I don't know if there are 100 So it's supposed to be delicious Come, let me tell you There is a place in Taipei called WAVE Bo La This is a colorful Italian restaurant I think English word for the afternoon is delicious I usually buy it from the outside I am going to tell you now I only buy English word for the afternoon Other things I prepare I tell you How to buy a delicious English word for the afternoon
(05:11~06:11) How can you do the simplest thing I forgot its name But that's in the Carols The Carols is a lot of stores There is a coffee beans And some A kind of high-end food A place for high-end food It's a coffee shop There are many companies in the Carols The Carols can buy Italian pastry It's not special But I think it's simple And it's very simple So its taste is simple And it's delicious It won't taste like any other food So if you want to do party food I think it's very suitable for party food It has many different versions I recommend you to buy original flavor Because I think there are too many other flavors Anyway, you buy original flavor version Next Let me tell you Now I tell you my way of eating This English word for the afternoon A little bit up A little bit thick Like the feeling of the water-dried rice brick A little bit of water-dried rice brick Next
(06:11~07:11) Because the cake is dry And the English word for the afternoon Although it has a little bit of water But the taste is soft So here we add another one And then there is water But the taste is crisp and little cucumber In this way I think it's perfect for this kind of combination So a simple finger food Or party food Finger food is in English It's like a big and small food You can make a lot of food on the party And then everyone can talk You can use your hand to take it Then just use your finger to add And then chat and eat There won't be any awkwardness For example, you take a chicken leg And then you bite it on your hand You will definitely get a lot of face And your hands are all oily So it's hard to see There is a situation on the party It's very awkward But this kind of thing You know what Simple and delicious Come on, let me tell you The price is great Delicious I'll cover it for you This thing is really delicious Who told me English words for the afternoon It's hard to eat You really don't understand But let me remind you
(07:11~08:11) English words for the afternoon In some English words Will mention that it is protein I thought it was protein before So I think I ate it It's very healthy Then my nutritionist told me That's actually a miscarriage So basically It's still a kind of starch So if you have a target today Inflammable beans Basically has no bad smell to your body But don't eat too much But inflammable beans For people with high protein In fact, it's a good food So simply If you are in your meal To find the substitute for starch Then I think inflammable beans Is a good choice Delicious Why don't you understand Inflammable beans are delicious Okay, let me tell you Share my true thoughts I'll have a bottle of beer first I drank this one today Anyway, I'm talking about food Let's talk about this I have a friend this afternoon He gave me this weekend vibes This weekend's atmosphere This is IPA beer So it will have a little bit The bitter taste of beer And the smell But I think it's actually It's a little bit
(08:11~09:11) It's a little bit I think it's a little bit I think it's a little bit So I think it's actually quite delicious It's easy to drink I think it's good Weekend vibes Okay, I'm in a hurry I can't hear the food What's the matter with my waist Just barbecue I actually didn't show up That mouth water sound The mouth water sound is Nyang nyang nyang nyang nyang I'm not like this I think it's okay What Luo Li told him I'm talking about the feeling of eating You know what to do And then Sharon Don't call it a nutrition Don't say Okay, no one can say this I didn't eat much Is it okay to eat a little bit? Actually I kind of want to eat Okay, let's talk about it later Come on, let's talk about it That's what Fan Jie did yesterday Then the video is mainly about marriage Then the relationship between men and women So if you are interested in this topic There is a married woman Then add With this wife A 30-year-old man and woman expert Talk to him I think the iron plate is very suitable Then another one Add a one The one who plays the sauce Is the one who is the wife That's the three-person combination I think the content of the chat is quite wonderful
(09:11~10:11) There is actually something to mention inside I went to record that show I'm just late I'm late for 30 minutes I forgot why I was late that day But I remember it should be work Because I seem to have an appointment with someone in the afternoon And then for that appointment Actually, I have a drink So when I went Actually, I was a little bit A little bit of a hypocrite One situation I'm really sorry But because a few days ago I was just with Kylie Actually, I have an appointment I'm not saying I'm not late every time Just recently I just got to know Kylie I'm just late Just I and Kylie I just got an appointment Recording Recording There was a episode I just talked to him About a bunch of boyboys Anyway, in that episode That content I'm actually the same I'm late So they asked me a question Why are you so late? I said, it's over You ask this question Because I always It's the principle of the word So I will definitely talk about the real reason So you asked I will talk about the real reason But you will definitely hurt me The image is very bad Because everyone will think Look at this person He only care about himself Because I just said Actually, in Bailingu Because I like to take a very tight time And then in front of Bailingu Actually, I have another event But that event
(10:11~11:11) Actually, it's more than I thought It's going to be over soon So actually The distance to Bailingu How many hours do you have? You know, it's super rush I actually went there I can still go there To wash them Eat something Then do something Then start recording Actually, I can go straight But I want to talk about it first I just got there at 6 o'clock Recording there But what are you I actually really dare to do that day Everyone thinks I'm very free But actually I dare I haven't even had lunch at that time I actually did today I didn't even have lunch today I went to attend an event this afternoon I thought he had a meal Because he's called Meisi His IG official activity Is Instagram IG official activity Then invited all the Meisi creators So there are some I personally like this Meisi blog Meisi blog What's El Dante Then what's Ken Ken is the white-and-white Ken Then Amber Amber is the cook I like her very much She has a book The summary is that Everyone actually Is at the scene I want to say
(11:11~12:11) Meisi's party And she's in the afternoon So I think there must be a meal When I went there I was already having a meeting Everyone was serious Discussing Facebook IG And threats How is this algorithm What's the matter In addition You know Because they actually came The representative of the Hong Kong Meta company Should be very clear From the gun I think it should be the Hong Kong people Hong Kong people are very good at English But I think they are very familiar with it Because they talk about That threat They said This is Cui They are talking about Cui Later He said Cui like Taiwan They are talking about Cui But then they are talking about What we are talking about I think he may I can't turn around So he said Like we are talking about Cui At that time You know You know But I didn't throw up This is not the point The point is Everyone is there Everyone is there All serious discussion And then in fact I just put some I just said That kind of party food
(12:11~13:12) But no one goes to take it I don't dare to take it I also feel so awkward I'm super hungry So I've been not eating So I'm really busy these days Anyway I have one more to eat Then I haven't eaten yet Then I want to say At 6 o'clock Actually I really want to eat something at that time But I can just go to Near Well Moe Buy a secret roast chicken Then Then Then Then eat while eating Actually I want to say first Call Uber Eat something in Uber's car It's a very beautiful behavior I hope everyone doesn't do it I just feel very dare I bought it in the car Eat This may be one of the most daredevil This is actually okay But the problem is I just want to say Actually there is obviously one more hour I have that fish I can So So I called Uber I'm from Inner Lake Not from Inner Lake Where am I at that time I forgot where I was at that time Anyway, I'm somewhere else I decided to go to Da Daocheng I want to go to Da Daocheng Walk around and eat I wanted to go to Odey I've already chosen a place I'll order a place to eat Then go to Odey This little thing
(13:12~14:12) Although I haven't eaten dinner yet But dinner is almost here Why don't you eat a little thing Odey seems to be good Then the Odey This goose is a very good protein source Although it is fried My nutritionist I will definitely not accept it But I'm thinking about Eating this thing is definitely okay So I went in and ate In the end I went there I didn't expect to be next to Odey I saw a plate of scallion pancake Big-sized long-tailed dragon I don't know There is a big-sized long-tailed dragon What kind of restaurant is that I haven't heard of I must eat it So I started to queue After the queue I thought Actually, I'm serious The scallion pancake is a food that you can't eat No excuse at all I'm just curious about its taste I want to say Because it's the smallest I will buy half a piece later I want to say I can eat a small piece I will share other things For example, I will give it to Bailing It's good I want to say Just take a small piece But this small piece Can't be called a proper meal Can't be called Can't make up I didn't eat lunch's sadness So I saw a plate next to it
(14:12~15:12) Actually, it's good to sell Chili chicken soup I want to say This scallion pancake With a chili chicken soup Perfect So Let's go in Then ordered a chili chicken soup Then When I got to the chicken soup The boss was really good He may have recognized who I am I guess so He just Another ice soup Silver soup Say this please Then I don't know Just one more thing Come After eating I think I suddenly have some I still have some time I think I still have I think it's about 40-50 minutes I think because this I finished eating very quickly Then I just thought I just went I went to the cafe nearby Sit down Don't go straight Sit down Then I went to the Huan Sun house I ordered a cup of tea Honestly, when I was in Zhao Yan
(15:12~16:13) I should have ordered coffee But because I actually went to many places I went to many places I went to many places to drink coffee I don't want to drink third or fourth cup So I thought I'll drink tea with tea I ordered a cup of tea Then I got A piece of black bean milk This is for you I honestly think I really I know This is the problem of Chiu Wei Jie's control Do you understand I ordered black bean milk He was so good at cooking I didn't have any I ordered the chili chicken soup I also think it's a requirement of the nutritionist Oh my god They are so bad He just took the black bean milk To treat me to food What do you think I have I just took the black bean milk Then because I took the black bean milk So I took out my pen Then I suddenly thought Oh, I haven't updated my IG for a long time Let's cut a video Then I knew I finished cutting I finished cutting and left You can see what I did on the video I'm really sorry I'm really sorry I want to say He asked me why I was a person who would be late I want to confess to you One thing I said the reason for my true love Because I have a good life
(16:13~17:13) A very sensitive image So sometimes If I have no idea If I have no idea I just got up Then went out Then went to work All this bad things will not happen I will be in time Many times I am in time Actually it's like this For example, like before Open mind I have been the host for several times I haven't eaten it I still find it That's when there is no thought But sometimes I suddenly In my mind I have a good idea of life Just like a railway The railway has been built My train is going to open to the end I will not stop Absolutely no No No return to the place At that time I just do this I know I talk about these things The interface Many very honest people Will think that You really deserve to die You should commit suicide Then I don't know I don't know what you are going to say But I'm really sorry The day after the central system I just I just Yes I just know I'm sorry Okay Then I just want to tell you Qiu Yi Jie is the one I want to talk about
(17:13~18:13) So if If Yes Okay That's it I don't have anything to say I don't think I have anything I can talk about Tomorrow I have a reminder to mention Must Must What does Jia say Recommend Ah Xi A De Come to this Lu Zhou I have been wanting to go to Huang Huang recently So if there is a chance I will go to eat Ah Dou Xia Ah Ga Hai introduction Then I tell you Because tomorrow I have a reminder to say that I will be attending the meeting Ah Bua I go to the market The shop is Ah this Anyway, that's it I want to do I'm going to do it I'm not late The machine is going to break down Then I just said Is it right to break down I don't know Okay, it's important Anyway, that's it Then In the video about the relationship of discussion and marriage I talked a lot about The interaction between my wife My wife Actually, it's a little bit unhappy Because she thinks I talk to her like a devil She actually has a little bit of a feeling in the morning Do you think it's reasonable? I said Actually, I was in the video of the break-up
(18:13~19:13) The beginning of the interview The name is just like this This is exactly what I'm talking about So it's not very fair for my wife Because she will definitely think I don't look like this So I said This thing When everyone is looking You have to use the correct way to detoxify That's a man Then The world you see in your eyes Then a very selfish and subjective detoxification Then If If So it's not fair So there must be another way to say it Everyone should always remember this thing But to mention Because it's a relationship between men and women Then I can only say As long as it's a relationship between men and women It's impossible to be forever She thinks that if there is a couple Then we have a long time to get along Then it's all very peaceful and easy Then there is no this unhappy I tell you This thing is not fair Because there must be a lot of tension I can give an example Like last week I was going to say Maybe it's time to go to work Just go to work See if my wife wants to eat or what I'll leave her the time But she told me Actually, I have an appointment with my colleague at night I was thinking about it Why don't you know She may have said it
(19:13~20:13) I forgot or she didn't say it I'm not sure But the general situation is that I don't know I have time to stay I'm not getting annoyed But that afternoon I thought about it Otherwise I'll just go eat It's okay I'm not a big person So I'll just go eat Then my wife told me She said Never go to a meeting with someone I thought about it Wow, she really cares about this thing Because she said it It's a little bit like easy But in fact I think she cares about it But I'd rather go eat How do I prove I didn't have an appointment with someone But it's really good I went to eat I went to a house alone I went to a house with a fish I want to say alone I want to eat better Then a Saturday night I went to the restaurant with the fish I didn't expect that the next door I tried to sit My wife's The company boss The boss recognized me I said directly Hey, you're a gossip Come, come, come They just ordered a bunch of dishes We have that fried tempura here Come, I'll treat you to a piece of chicken I'll tell you first Fried tempura I'm not allowed to eat it But they gave it to me directly And then I actually I ate a lot of fish Like that starch I cut down the community This egg white I ate the part of the fish
(20:13~21:13) I ate it all It's a delivery from the nutritionist But the next door I really made a table of good guests They ordered a lot of good things Then they stopped and told me Hey, the wind is blowing Come, come, come Do you want to eat I kept bringing the things I really can't refuse But let me tell you This pain I'm silently waiting But their existence It makes me feel happy Because I have someone to witness this I spent the night alone on Thursday And it's absolutely impossible To fight for me Fight for me What is this This this this Help me lie Then Help me This this this This this One person who is acting Because it's my wife's boss I want to say that it's great Then After I finished dinner I want to say It's a rare night The weather is not bad I went to the office of the office Don't look at the office Because it's very close to the restaurant Don't look at the office It will be retired in a few days So my motorcycle The heavy-weight car still stops Under his ground
(21:13~22:14) I want to say that I put that heavy-weight car Get out Turn it around Then I went I went Then I didn't think I went to the office I really don't dare to believe Because of my eyes I'll tell you first This winter night Actually, they usually Don't go to the office Don't look at the office They almost won't go to that place I can't see them for a year One or two times But that day They actually appeared in the office In the office Don't look at the office Then at 9 o'clock in the evening They appeared there Because they Because the winter night I want to go there to move something It's hard to appear there Because it's hard to appear there So I sat there I started talking to them And I talked to them Time passes very quickly 11 o'clock Then it's getting late When I went back My wife has gone home My wife asked me Why don't you go home at noon You just said you met my boss But you probably ate until 9 o'clock Where did you go in the middle I said I was talking to Cai Lin in the office But I have a feeling in my heart It sounds so weird Because Cai Lin is not going back to the office This excuse is so bad But it's really like this Really Cai Lin went
(22:14~23:14) Then we were here for four weeks Then that Week 3 Week 3 We recorded the new news Because we have to Recording the nightlife of the Vana Kendall Vana Kendall, you know If you listen to the new news You will know There are many ingredients This time there is egg perfume Then we wanted to How to say Try the taste To describe the taste So Cai Lin started to spray perfume at my house I just said You spray perfume at my house It's my wife's smell She will definitely ask Where did you get this Then she said You can say I sprayed it I just want to say Wait a minute Why do I get more and more annoying No Okay What are you talking about I'm just nervous I'm just nervous I'm just nervous Then Today is Saturday Then we Because we have to record the second episode this week Then on Saturday She came this morning again Then I suddenly remembered this thing I told Cai Lin I asked I asked her a question I said If I told my wife You were at my In our house
(23:14~24:25) You spray perfume How will you answer Then suddenly I saw Is there anything wrong I'm not her mother Cai Lin, you can't make me hungry This song Are you singing It depends It was chosen as the 1st time Because when I debuted Cai Lin things promoted Then I got well Cai Lin машines I swear to God, it's Thailand!
(24:25~25:25) Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it? Do you really love me? Can you prove it? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it? Can you prove it to me? Whoa! Can you prove it? I said no! I can't do this! Can you prove it to me?
(25:25~26:32) Can you prove it? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it? Can you prove it? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you prove it to me? Can you keep on falling in love? Prove you really are the one in some day we'll prove you
(26:32~27:47) Can you prove it? It's me. Can you prove it? It's called. Can you prove it? Can you prove it? Can you prove it to me, boy? Prove it to me, boy. Can you prove it? I wanna see you with your hands at knees. Beggin' me for my love, beggin' me for my love. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can you prove your love to? Can you prove your love to? Can you prove your love to? Can you prove your love to me? Yeah, can you prove it?
(27:47~28:47) I don't know how to describe it. There's a... There's a young man named Li Kun Cheng. He's from the National Party of China. He wants to be a leader. He's a young man. He's a senior student. He's a senior student. He's a senior student. He's a senior student. He's a senior student. He's a senior student. He's wearing... He's wearing a Nazi uniform. He's wearing a Nazi uniform. He's in front of the media. He's gonna receive the ID. Because he's a senior student. He's a senior student. He's got a lot of people. He's got a lot of ID. He's gonna say, how can you get the ID? It's all wrong information. He's gonna receive the ID. The reason he's wearing a Nazi uniform is that he's got a lot of ID. Some of his classmates are a weirdo.
(28:47~29:47) He used to go to Yongwen, Ma Ying Jiu. He's a big fan of Ma Ying Jiu. Someone said he was a football player when he was in the gym. He was the one who was the one who got the ID. He said, don't play football in the gym. Don't disturb the class. He said, I'm not over 75. So don't mind me. Someone said he was a Nazi hero. So they thought he was promoting his political ideas. But at the time, I think he was a Nazi. He wanted to show that the Nazi was a Nazi. They were fighting for the freedom. I think he wanted to express his idea. I think he's a Nazi. He's a model of the act. But can he do this? Can he use the Nazi uniform to make his political expression? I think this is another problem. Because the Middle East people are unhappy about this. I didn't discuss this. I said it was a political issue. But it happened behind the scenes.
(29:47~30:47) It's a matter of my own. I saw someone who translated the article about Song Jian Liang four years ago. It was during the epidemic. Song Jian Yang posted a article on Facebook. The article was like this. It was during the epidemic. He was in high school in the middle of the year. He couldn't do his graduation ceremony. At that time, he couldn't do his graduation ceremony. So some graduates decided to make a new virtual graduation ceremony. It was a popular online game on Minecraft. They invited graduates to participate. Of course, there are also graduates and students. They wanted to make everyone feel like they are graduating. So they invited many different people from different countries. But in the Middle East, there are some politicians
(30:47~31:47) who don't understand Minecraft. So at that time, the most popular people from different countries participated. And there was a speech that was me. Song Jian Liang was involved. So he posted a article saying that the success of Minecraft graduation ceremony was very grateful to our senior, Guaji, who was a great carry. He said a lot of compliments. The article was translated. Guaji's fans were really supportive. They were like, I'm pissed. I asked. Although there are not many people who noticed this, I was really like, I'm pissed. I was so angry at that time. Okay, I just want to say that you know what this means?
(31:47~32:47) In this society, if you don't want to get involved in any situation, you don't have to do anything. I think in that period of time, there were a group of college students who were doing a special ceremony for the new year. I believe everyone would be very touched. I believe that everyone who participated would feel that this is a very warm heart. But who would know that after four years of participating in this event, you would use a not very pleasant way to get back to everyone's memory? The only way to do this is to not participate in anything. But it's a pity. Okay, let me remind you a little bit about the cat-me-lip situation. On the weekend, I opened a live broadcast of the meeting. After all, not all the members watched that live broadcast.
(32:47~33:47) So I will talk about the big car accident that day. At that time, the baby was sleeping in this place. He showed a little bit of his little fur. I want to talk about this. The baby and my little fur are still in a bad situation. The family is temporarily separated into several floors. For example, the generation of stray dogs is basically all the places of the baby. The sofa, the living room sofa is the place of the little fur. My bed is where no one can go. The baby will be angry when the little fur goes. The baby will be angry when the little fur comes. So I don't have any cat to sleep with me now. I also think that when the cat sleeps with me, they will be in a good mood. In short, this is now a very important battlefield for my bed. There are some people who can't get in. There are some people who can't get in my bed. And there is a very unique point. It is next to the living room sofa. It is the place where I live. It is also where I usually use my computer. Sometimes the little fur will come here to play.
(33:47~34:47) But it doesn't feel comfortable. It also thinks that I usually move around there. It keeps talking and it is noisy. So even if you come here to play, you will leave soon. It doesn't keep the room as its floor. But the sofa is very close to here. So it will be a kind of a patrol area. But the baby likes to use my computer. When I was at work, I later put a little fur in front of my computer. Then the baby found out that he often lies there when I use my computer. When he lies here, I actually go there for a month. I often play computer here and play computer. The baby often sleeps with me here. He sleeps with me for a long time. The little fur will come here to patrol. But it will not really use force to fight. It is a little strange that it exists here. It means that you come here to play. Don't come here to play. I will just follow you. It is probably like this. In the past month, the baby was on the sofa. No, the baby was on the little carpet next to my computer. It is a place where the baby was taken.
(34:47~35:47) The baby was on the special position. The baby was not angry before. But the baby was at the moment of my live. It was the first time that the baby slept in this place when I was on the live. The baby suddenly rushed out of the camera. He used force to fight the baby. The baby followed the return. Two cats started to fight. They fought with Chinese language. It was very intense. I was actually very panic at the moment. I was like, what should I do? I was very sad. So I didn't explain to this thing. But I was on the live. I was thinking about one thing. The baby was not interested in the baby. He slept next to me. He slept next to the computer. He didn't care. Why did I suddenly fight with the baby on the live? At that time, we had to put the time back. Do you remember? When I was on the live, the baby was quite long. Maybe two or three times.
(35:47~36:47) He suddenly appeared in front of the camera and was lying in front of the camera. I always thought this was a very random and random event. He just walked here and just showed his butt. He just showed his butt. He just showed the audience of the camera. I always thought this was something he did without any intention. But is it possible that the baby from the beginning to the end knows what the camera was doing? He knew I was on the live. He knew I was performing. He also wanted to go on the live. He also wanted to show his existence. At that time, when I was on the live, the baby showed a small ball. He suddenly realized one thing. I was in front of the camera. I was also being taken away. So the consciousness he wanted to show suddenly came out. What the f**k? If this is the case,
(36:47~37:47) I think I underestimated the two cats' internal struggle. Don't black out the little ball. If you're still in the same spot, you're going to be a bad boy. You're already black enough. Don't black it out. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy.
(37:47~38:47) I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I'm going to be a bad boy. I want a good boy. I want a good boy. Who can? I want a good boy. I want a good boy. I want a good one. I'm going to be a little bad boy. So let's go cruising to the park, cruising after dark.
(38:47~39:52) Let's go out, baby. Slow it down to five, on an endless drive. Let's go out, slow it down. There's the hurry, we'll flow through these trees. Bring the sun, leave the worry, stay up on the breeze. Someday we'll go, the streets we don't know.
(39:52~40:54) But for now we'll just climb, and join the ride. So let's go cruising to the park, cruising after dark. Let's go out, baby. Slow it down to five, on an endless drive. Let's go out. I know a lot of people who are online, online and online. I recently saw a online fan,
(40:54~41:55) and I saw a video of a man who was a real man. I saw a video of a man who was a real man. I saw a video of a man who was a real man. I recently saw a video of a man who was a real man. I recently saw a video of a man who was a real man. I saw a video of a man who was a real man. I want to send him a message. I don't know him. I want to ask him, how do I help you shoot a video? I help you shoot a video. I don't take money. I help you as a director. I'm not saying I'm not going to be a director, I'm not going to be a director. I'm going to help you shoot a video, I'm going to help you edit it. I'm going to help you make a video. Because I've never shot a video. I want to know what kind of video I'm going to shoot.
(41:55~42:58) I know it's not as easy as I thought. I've also shot a video. I know that many people in my mind think that it's good to shoot like this. I think a lot of people think that what kind of video you want to shoot. There must be some self-imagination. But you will find that you can't shoot as easily as you thought. Whether it's because of the performance of the actors, the arrangement of the scenes, or some special technical difficulties. You will have some difficulties. You can't say a lot of things. I can definitely shoot better than those actors in the scene. You have to do it. But I'm really curious what kind of thing I will do. I'll tell some friends. But I found something interesting. I told the boys. They all thought it was good. It was a good thing. You have to do it. I told some girls that they were really good. They were actually good. They were also good. I told them that girls are really bad. You shouldn't do this. You are a failure.
(42:58~43:58) I asked the interviewer today. What do you think if I do this? He was a little hesitant. He didn't give me an answer. I told him that many girls think that I will do this because I'm a failure. Many people will slap me. They will say that I'm not an ordinary person. I went to shoot an A-片. They will say that they hate you. They will take the video. Why do you have to do this? I didn't ask the interviewer. I thought about this. I asked the interviewer. I asked the interviewer. I didn't ask you. I didn't ask you. I didn't ask you. I didn't ask the interviewer. I really have to ask the interviewer. The best thing about the interviewer is that I met a few girls. I asked them about the interviewer. They gave me some negative opinions. I think I shouldn't do this. I still don't understand. Is this a fake or not? I really want to shoot an A-片. Guys,
(43:58~45:12) if I shoot an A-片 in the fall, will it look good? I want to know. If I can shoot an A-片, it's like a dream. The next song is called Dreamland. The land of dreams. I really want to go to the land of dreams that is full of love. Look at the chicken feet. Look at the chicken feet.
(45:12~46:13) Searching for more time in the dreams I believe in These are Emma Love Beautiful sunrise moving like high tide Watching what strangers looking for white lies See it from all sides searching for more time In the dreams I believe in These are Emma Love Beautiful sunrise, wonderful lifetime Voice can't bring me down between me Get it ready for love, get it ready for love It's strong cause I believe Beautiful sunrise, part of my dream line My dream line, rhythm gives me inspiration Get it ready for good, get it ready for worse I'm good cause I'm a fighter Don't cry for us, these are the dips Maybe just a break, separate factor myth Two human beings on a living starship The natives they call it earth and life they call a bitch Striking the chord on a string theory divorce Come away with me and see my shitty amor Language of the soul, my finger meeting the thorn Piano over the horn, my voice reaching the lord Tongue like a swore with words so paranoid Only fear is the reason that love is to avoid
(46:13~47:13) Dreams are the things that separate and choice From human beings who sing pain straight into the void Annoyed at the wisdom embrace the cataclysm My skin like leather, my soul like good denim I did it for the love of the art and God with them Just another cynical year to be a new beginning go Beautiful sunrise moving like high tide Watching what strangers looking for white lies See it from all sides searching for more time In the dreams I believe and these are Emma Lyfe Beautiful sunrise moving like high tide Watching what strangers looking for white lies See it from all sides searching for more time In the dreams I believe and these are Emma Lyfe Don't follow me from politics, help me anonymous So monogamous one life to live calling it Fuck Parliament please go call the astrologist And tell him that the moon is becoming red and ominous Welcome me to allergy please love don't let it be So unsettling like nightmares on old streets To be correct my dreams never involve sheep Just the wolves in the corner grinning with their sharks
(47:13~48:32) She's young and tall The choice is what we make A worth and a spread I heard your voice I heard it from your flow Listen you move your side Beautiful sunrise wonderful lifetime Of course can't bring me down but for me Get a rid of a look Get a rid of what's up and strong cause I believe Beautiful sunrise wonderful dreamline With the gifts me inspiration Get a rid of a good Get a rid of the world I'm good cause I'm a fighter Beautiful sunrise wonderful lifetime Of course can't bring me down but for me Get a rid of a look Get a rid of what's up and strong cause I believe Beautiful sunrise wonderful dreamline With the gifts me inspiration Get a rid of a good Get a rid of the world I'm good cause I'm a fighter
(48:32~49:32) Alright But I met Chao And I asked him about it Chao was the one who used to be the Chao And after hearing it, I thought it was funny He told me that you don't always shoot Some serious videos You talk about politics and what I do You talk about something serious And then you look at the front of the camera And then there's a man and a woman I don't know why they're always doing this He said you just shoot like this He said there's a fox behind you You just keep moving up there Because you deliberately make a little sound You know, you're very clear The fox behind you is very vague And then the two of them are moving And then everyone keeps asking What are you doing behind you Why is it like this And you don't explain I'm telling you I think this time is a big joke I think it's funny The speech is funny And then No, this is still a joke A joke I think this is actually annoying One thing is that I think now everyone
(49:32~50:32) I like to explain things with my own face I think that old days I really wouldn't do this It was the eight or nine years ago I think at that time The creator And then the musician is more interesting than now And then the other day Actually, that talent asked me a question He said Michael Jackson Which song do you like the most I said Billie Jean I don't think Billie Jean is The best song to listen to For example, if you want to dance today I might choose smooth criminal I think this song actually looks more touching But why do I like Billie Jean Because I think Billie Jean has a spirit of the eight or nine years The spirit of the eight or nine years I think it's almost hard to do this kind of song now Because what is this song about I actually explained it on the live broadcast Billie Jean's song is about Michael Jackson He is a young person who is in a virtual world He met a girl named Billie Jean And Billie Jean is called Michael Jackson It's his lover And he also said He's pregnant with Michael Jackson's child And then he said to the other person No, no, I really didn't fight with him He was a mess His child is not born He's not born He's always talking about this
(50:32~51:33) So Billie Jean's song You can say that it might be a man Meet a crazy woman And then express the control of this song But you can also say that it's a man's song He clearly made people's stomach grow But he doesn't want to admit it Then I said Why don't the singers do it now Because now everyone is explaining things from the surface What do I write I hate you I'm on the surface What does it mean Don't think about it You may be making fun of it Maybe you're reflecting on it Maybe you're reflecting on it It doesn't matter to you It's about solving this thing When I was in the 1980s I think it was a very free place to create Look at his song He actually just described a scene But he knew it was just a scene of creation He wasn't talking about Michael Jackson He wasn't talking about any specific story He didn't just tell you This kid isn't mine This kind of saying is good or bad He was just talking about a situation That could really happen in society He wrote his song I think it's too hard to do this now Everyone is doing anything Everyone is asking Why are you doing this What's the problem
(51:33~52:33) Are you encouraging everyone to get married Then ask everyone to get divorced What are you doing I actually think this is the place where society is now A very strange place Then I'll just ask you one thing Remember before everyone I don't know who I'm talking about I'll just say A restaurant I mentioned it on the live broadcast before But I don't know what it is I said it was delicious I talked about the experience It's been a while So don't think about which restaurant I've talked about it before Anyway I had a reason I had a good time this week I went to eat Then But When I went to eat I had an appointment with my friend My friend arrived first Then When he arrived He just That He told me secretly Before you came Because there was no one in the restaurant Because I didn't go I didn't have time to eat He said The boss was watching the debate Then he kept scolding me The famous government The only one Then how Obviously his political background
(52:33~53:34) Is very strong Then he scolded me He said You just got married Then Then I suddenly got inside I was shocked Then Then But actually He's sorry He's not telling me He's using the phone The information method to tell me But I didn't see it at all Then we just talked on the spot Then the boss gave me food Then I came up After eating I told the boss Today's restaurant is really delicious Then I actually came last month Then I also felt very delicious Boss said Remember, remember I recognized it Because the boss I always thought he didn't know who I was So I always felt at that time I only have a feeling He should only think Oh, I know you came last week I recognized you as a guest I think he meant it Then so I thought to myself Okay, okay Then this thing is like this But when I came out That friend left a message Do you know I saw the boss Talking about politics in the big city The private party dictatorship Then I suddenly got inside I was shocked The boss was there He was right there He told me
(53:34~54:34) Yes, yes, I recognized it He was looking down I didn't see my eyes I thought at that time He recognized it I recognized it You are a guest who came last month Or I recognized it You have been on TV Then I was thinking What did I just eat? No, I have a little idea A little bit of a man's heart A man's spirit The first one he didn't recognize The second one The second one is that he recognized it He may also hold the spirit of the restaurant service Basically, he is a good service But I always have a question for him When I asked him His eyes don't look at me I was rubbing my head on the table This thing actually I still suddenly I thought it was okay But I have a little bit of a grudge in my heart It's annoying But this thing I have to say something Because I think The National Party is now playing a theme I personally think it's quite strange Sorry, this is not politics It's real politics I'm sorry to say it Because I really want to I really want to talk about this thing
(54:34~55:34) They are now playing a thing I don't understand what they are doing They are playing a thing called The National Party is now Running to To recruit some Some of the leading people who have been doing the big part Mainly He said the National Party Just allow yourself to get a big part People want to get a part He immediately Use law to punish people This is the dictatorship That's the fascist regime People can't have the right to protest But in fact, what is he doing To recruit these people Not because they get a part Not because of this reason It's because they are doing The process of getting a part Their serial number is dead The serial number is There are problems The serial number is too high The high end is good Then I have to ask What is your thing What is your information So I think today They want to investigate this thing Basically there is a legal basis Then they said I remember Lai Shi Bao said They are the most It's just a violation of the law Is this a very serious crime Why do you use a big cannon to hit birds
(55:34~56:34) Lai Shi Bao said this This time everyone came back You know the electoral law just修 Who is修 Lan Bai Lian Shou is in the Legislative Council Lan Bai just finished the electoral law At that time The National Party has a part The district council called Wang Xiaolin He is very proud On the Legislative Council stage Talked about this In fact, someone else came out Then put it on the Internet How did this word come about He said I told him that we have修 The electoral law has been修 Now everyone, please pay attention According to our new electoral law 92 98 2 Now all of us If you are in the The process of getting a part The serial number is dead If there is a suspicion All crimes are added And can be traced back to 20 years So I tell you If the People's Party If you try to choose In this process Then want to do some If you do some weird things You will be punished by the Yanxin This is the Legislative Council's The principle of the National Party After the election What does it mean They choose to In fact, this
(56:34~57:34) This is a real person Or not The content of the serial number Made some more strict violations And also added to the new law So because of this So the police unit will do the action And now they suddenly In front of the waist Say Why are you so bad to us Isn't it what you want? This is not what you want Now I'm still on the waist Three small I really don't understand Now the latest progress I don't understand either Is that What's the name That one Our mayor Taipei City Mayor Jiang Huan An Then he said he would go to participate Today to rush the North China Sea This anti-tank operation As for one Taipei City's chief Can you participate in the anti-tank operation I think it's a matter of time This is a matter of time This is a matter of time Let's not discuss this I will first make a decision As a political figure He has the right to political expression Some people may not express Some people want to express Just as he is happy Then let him express it well But what about you I think there are many There are many reasonable ways and methods If you violate the law What will happen What is the situation That is the police will be next to the auction
(57:34~58:34) Call them the first rule That today There may be a picture That is the police in Taipei City The mayor of Taipei City Say please give me a little bit You know I last time I saw this auction Is that that I saw this kind of The same auction The auction behavior Is in Taipei Fire Station Over there Then I saw the police station The police The illegal activities of the party Then take out the card Now that Jiang Huan An is also held Isn't that your police Isn't that the police you are managing I'm going to think about it You are the mayor I think you are OK with the protest But you don't have to know You are in trouble, OK They are very difficult It's really strange Then then he is at the scene I don't know he said a word I don't understand Is it like Trump The next big auction He said I tell you I'm now I'm now in charge of our auction You know You know In the past few months The Democratic Party has always said Welcome everyone to the auction
(58:34~59:39) Actually, the Democratic Party I really hope everyone can come back Because you can start over You know this It's bad for the Democratic Party I don't dare to say It's not the Democratic Party Actually it's the Democratic Party The Democratic Party is afraid of the Democratic Party I haven't done this thing I don't know if he knows The basic ground of the Democratic Party He suddenly said this thing Everyone dares not to follow you You know After he finished talking It's been two or three hours There is still no one now I haven't seen it yet I don't know when it's live I didn't see a Democratic Party If there is a follow-up I'm so happy Wow, are you okay Are you okay The song is the song Okay What is the song So this song is called Reset
(59:39~60:39) The fortune cookie reads The truth you want to see But that don't do me any good When you won't answer me I just wish I knew How to break through There will be a follow-up Oh, stop These days it's like I'm dreaming Still so close But so far away Baby, I'm drowning in the feeling And it hurts when you say Say you need space But don't tell me it's too late No need to shut it down
(60:39~61:40) Cause we just need a heart We said Don't tell me it's too late You know I wrote too many words I have to read one more And I'm not coming up for air Either way it's over Either way it's over And as you figure it Your finger on the bed I think time has stopped
(61:40~62:42) Maybe it's in my head How do I draw the line Between confidence and pride Seems I'm losing on both sides I must be dreaming Still so close But so far away Baby, I'm drowning in the feeling And it hurts when you say Say you need space But don't tell me it's too late No need to shut it down Cause we just need a heart We said Don't tell me it's too late You know
(62:42~63:45) I wrote too many words And I'm not coming up for air Either way it's over Either way Either way Ha, ha, ha Do you Ha, ha, ha
(63:45~64:46) Oh, oh, oh Ha, ha, ha Ha, ha, ha Ha, ha, ha In the past three months I've become a bird in the wild You know That's actually my first road Why? Because I don't want to go to the management The camp area And the fridge is a little worried I've been to a wild place before It's full of tension for me I was so nervous during the night When I went to the camp this week He told me He's not sleeping well Cause he's afraid I'll be in trouble So I go out every time And climb a mountain
(64:46~65:46) And walk a path And then I'll go out in the night And then I'll go home at 9 or 10 Actually, I said Walking a path to home Actually, it's quite dangerous In my perspective But I've never been to the camp I mean, I came back that day I really ironed my heart this time That I must be out in the night But I still don't want to go To the management camp So I went to a wild place But in all the places I went to It's safer in the wild I'm in Gu Po Liao Xi Gu Po Liao Xi is still dangerous Actually, I've seen many different theories Many people said Don't go to the West Valley The West Valley is more dangerous I personally think It's okay I'm just paying attention But don't go Okay, okay But in terms of words I personally I think this experience Is quite special to me I think the camp Actually, it has a Like I said I was very happy But many people Some people don't like me They say I'm really I'm really pretending to be B
(65:46~66:47) And then I must be very busy I'm not happy And then I pretend to be Pretending to be idle But actually I'm not idle But actually I want to tell you something You know, actually When I went this time I saw someone asking a question He said The camp And then one person outside Especially the wild And then there's no place Gu Po Liao Xi's place And then Maybe there's some wild animals And then In that place Don't you feel scared I saw someone mention That actually there is one It seems to be a The Internet of the film series He mentioned that Actually he will overcome One person outside the wild It took a long time He even spent a year I don't think he's watching any horror movies I want to share That feeling at night It's actually very interesting Because you really One person is alone outside the wild And then There's no sign of any sign Then there's only the stars and moon And then there's The natural view There's a rebirth Sometimes there's a three-shot Or a non-civilized animal So actually You will feel that The natural environment outside you
(66:47~67:47) Full of all kinds Some life you don't know Some life you don't know Even non-life In that pure movement I still remember I just want to go out to the camp And then for example I want to go to the toilet Or I forgot something I want to go to the car At that moment You will see a lot of scary scenes in your mind For example I remember I was walking in that I forgot something Then I went back to the car I was walking on a very dark A small road I don't know what it is I just realized That kind of horror scene For example, a whole body of red Just from that dark corner Suddenly this way The more you walk, the more you see In fact, there are many You have seen some horror scenes When you were little Suddenly this scene appeared But there is a very interesting thing Actually, that tent Is not any prevention But when you finish everything You go back to the tent Pull that tent When you walk in I don't know why the moment The sense of security comes in Actually I I think this experience is quite strange That is
(67:47~68:47) Then you That night Suddenly the air temperature drops It's actually very hot in the daytime When you wear a dress You will feel sweat But at night The air temperature drops to this Slide Maybe 34 degrees So I actually only prepared A neck top And a go-tox neck jacket So I think that The budget is a bit not enough I went to the toilet at night I was basically shaking I was shaking to get out Because it's really cold But the problem is Because of the ready This sleeping bag is strong enough So basically When I go in to sleep It's actually quite comfortable You know what Because of the request of the talent He asked me Are you really in love with Chinese crispy I said, actually, I think it's okay He said he didn't believe He said you can open your phone Let me see You You spend time I'll tell you first Everyone might be scared Do you know how much time I spent yesterday Everyone will think that Qiu Yijie Is it crazy to leave a message recently Yesterday I spent time The total time
(68:47~69:47) The total number of times According to the statistics of the phone is 50 minutes Then I recorded that day Is this week 1 How much time I spent 0 I didn't spend at all I didn't at all You know this That day Actually I was in that back room Then Look at the camera Then I actually think I was very happy Then the next morning Actually I was sleeping well Because it was really noisy at night The West handsome is always The tent outside is not stopping Then I called for a while I don't want to call It's really close If he keeps calling me But I don't want to call for a while I will be noisy Then add I think because of that sleep system That sleeping bag Sleep shop The overall atmosphere Really not very used So I slept a little bit So sleep wake up I think I'm going to sleep Maybe only two or three hours Then I slept about 6.5 I just have a kind of I don't want to sleep Wake up early in the morning When I woke up I was busy with a bunch of breakfast Then organize the camp When it was too much
(69:47~70:47) The sun was setting It started to heat Then the sun began to There is a place where it starts to feel UR sweat But because that tent I haven't been removed yet So I just sit in the tent The shadow Because it hasn't really been summer So when the wind blows It's still quite cold I think that place Drinking tea while Just hanging out Watching some cute videos On Instagram Really, I was watching that thing I was watching some cute cat videos I think This may be the happiest time I've ever been in a month I think I'm in the mood I really want to share This mood for everyone This is why Although I did take some fake things That must be a good picture I want to emphasize that It must be right But But I feel content I'm really happy I hope everyone can know This thing is There is a way to do it Although
(70:47~71:47) I recently had a conversation with a friend He said that because of his This this this boyfriend Is this a girl His boyfriend has recently Because of some mistakes He's playing the computer every day He asked me Do you think it's normal like this Is it Do you need to do it I'll tell him my point of view I'll tell him my theory I told him Actually, I think When people make mistakes It's good to play the computer Because of the computer Because you're in reality Do you have to make mistakes You may be in the present What is it What is it Encounters with love Then life Meet Where is it not going well How do you live better You can make more money There's no clear rules So you always think I'm so wrong But I don't know how to solve my problem But in the game world Solving problems is super simple For example, in the RPG You're just a light And then you take the best equipment You're playing the devil This logic Can be easily understood And can be used Why did I start to Start to flow The content of the transformation world I think these The contents of the transformation world Actually want to
(71:47~72:47) Change reality into a game He wants everyone to think Actually the difficulties of reality Can be solved in a game For example, you just keep waiting After you're done You're going to say You're the opponent on the way In life That can be solved Although this is not possible In reality It's impossible to happen But for those In reality For those who are very bad It's a big comfort Then I told him I think When a person meets a mistake Playing the electric It's a pretty reasonable reaction But if he If he's playing the electric all day I don't think it's a good thing Because I used to When I was wrong When I was wrong I would do something similar But if it continues like this A few days a week I thought about it Actually I will be more responsible Because those playing electric There is no累積 For example, I played 100 times LOL There is a win and a lose Then Because of this Will I get higher sense of achievement Actually I won't I just think Time is like this 1 minute and a second passed If I only play for 2-3 hours I may think I got entertainment
(72:47~74:03) But I continued playing for a week Then one time I will feel more Afraid I didn't do anything But I think Like me Going out Then go to the recording Then feel the natural atmosphere Then look at that Blow the wind Then appreciate the beautiful scenery Listen to the sound of drinking water Everything will be in my heart I think it's a good memory This memory for me I don't think it's a waste It's a great bonus in life I hope everyone in my heart Always have the sun Can come in This song is called Eternal Sunshine
(74:03~75:09) Do you feel the way I feel This bad night If I were to lose you Time goes Further away Just this point What if it's left of my soul Cause I won't need it anymore Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hope you feel the way I do Everything's good for this future
(75:09~76:10) You've gone out to say I do I just need to know if you will miss me Cause I know If I were to lose you Time goes Further away Just this point What if it's left of my soul Cause I won't need it anymore Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Too far, too far You hit me in the cemetery of skin But I'm never worried Hit me on the landline
(76:10~77:14) I don't quit like a virgin I'm a flowery and that dollar-tied shit Now there's a tunnel in peaceful Where it's red Now there's a tunnel in peaceful Where it's white If I were to lose you Time goes Further away Just this point What if it's left of my soul Cause I won't need it anymore
(77:14~78:14) 晚安 I have a friend who I mentioned on the live broadcast. I didn't say that he was familiar, but I mentioned him two or three times. He has a new news today. He was found at home today and left. I don't know if he has any discussion or announcement about his family. I won't discuss it. He is a actress named Tian Chan. I mentioned that I was in contact with him last time. I have known him for many years. I have talked to him for a long time. I mentioned Tian Chan once. He is a crazy girl.
(78:14~79:17) He is very wild when he talks on stage. He is very wild when he talks. He is a crazy girl. He is really crazy when he talks. When I met him, I didn't think he was crazy. He is fierce. He has no expression when he sees me. I have been thinking that he doesn't like me or dislike me. He is so weird. I can't even ask him. He mentioned that his friend is He Long. I can't ask him. He is very familiar with him. Tian Chan doesn't like me. He said that he likes your show. He listens to your live broadcast. He listens to everything. He likes you. I have never talked about this. I feel embarrassed to talk about this.
(79:17~80:21) He is very active when he talks to me. He is very delicate. I share a boring story. He said that he was in a hurry. He caught my head. He asked me if I was scared. I said that I was fine. I was not angry. I didn't feel that I was angry. I said that I was fine. He said that I can talk about this later. I said that I can talk about this later. He left with a strange expression. He is a weird person. We often chat on the backstage. He talks about his work. He shared some funny stories. I also find it funny how he talks. He talks very happily. He is a shy person.
(80:21~81:26) He often uses exaggerated ways to interact with others. He talks to me. He says that he is fine when he sees a guy. He is very shy. He is the only person who does this. He likes to be shy. He is shy. He thinks that he can be quiet with others. But he can hide his inner thoughts. I remember that after the show was over, I went to host the show's open mic. I met him. He talks like crazy. He has a stubborn attitude. That's it. But that day, I knew that he was not that attitude. He is a serious and sincere attitude. He talked about his work. He said that he has a lot of people on the stage. He only used my voice.
(81:26~82:27) He said that he is not that good. He has no flaws. Then, Chen Bo Wei was mad. He was in a relationship with him. He sent me a message that he is the only one who sent me. He said that he is a great middle-aged man. But because I am a shy man, I feel that if someone tells me this, I will feel awkward. I didn't respond to him. I remember that I sent a picture of a T-shirt with a card. That's it. I remember that picture. A T-shirt with a card is a T-shirt with only one foot. It is not a foot, but a ear. It is a cat. But one day, in the dream of a T-shirt, there was only one ear.
(82:27~83:27) It was like a poisonous beast. It was that picture. I sent it to him. It is a wonderful picture. I didn't answer him at all. I think this is a moment that he expressed his feelings with a lot of sincerity. But I didn't tell him anything. I think I should tell him. I have experienced many people's departure. The previous fun was also a training camp. I talked about it on the live broadcast. I experienced many things like this. I was really thinking about it this afternoon. I think this is a big deal. I don't know how many people like me in this world. I hate many people. I don't know how many people like me in this world.
(83:27~84:28) I don't know. But I am sure that one of them is very good to me. He likes me. He is very sincere. He is kind to me. But I didn't really care about him. At least I don't have him in my memory. I feel very sorry for him when I saw this thing tonight. If I could tell my true feelings at that time, that would be great. Thank you. Actually I just posted a few songs of my own.
(84:28~85:30) Some of them are with the story, Every song's title is meaningful
(85:30~87:01) I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here I'm so glad you're here Like, code online Google Laughing sets mind Dosage Majority izar
(87:01~88:02) I think Tian Chan is a great person. I think you are a great comedian. I think you are a great girl. I think you have a very special tenderness. I think you are very touching. I think you are a great comedian. This is the big picture of the zookeeper Ding Zihu. That's it. I think that's it for today's show.
(88:02~89:04) Thank you. I have spent the day safely with Xiao Zheng. That's it. I will look at the comments. Thank you for organizing. Although Masumi is not happy today, I spent a few days today to send a big message. It's really hard. It's hard to send a big message to the public. I want to go to the police station and have a small sleep. It's great to go out again. Takeенно is the thing that pilgrims trade in during a organsシar. Let's cross the stage.
(89:04~90:05) Lue updated himself when he was in the senior high school who liked seeing half- saluditens Oh ays in这个歼慢 成真漫画家的乱插 乱插漫画 Mata understandable Four side, between chipmops 漫画 The cipher of Lime is very strategic You can put a lot positive comments 兒史哥也會这样 guy But in fact, I'm not sure if they draw the chaotic topic, because many comic books have been drawn. But I think if the group is famous, it shouldn't be the chaotic topic, it's the chaotic topic. So the mess here should be only the chaotic topic. Alright, that should be it. Alright, then, Mao Nú Bí S说, I feel that after the company is over, it's really getting more and more fun. I'm not sure if it's over or I'm going to go to the fun direction this year. I don't know how the relationship between this and this is going to be. But in the end, I feel that I'm getting more and more fun.
(90:05~91:07) And I'm getting more and more able to deal with all kinds of problems in life. Maybe it's also my... Maybe my youth is going to be like a lifetime. And then, in the future, I'm going to really enter the period of my life. I'm going to be lucky and I'm going to be brave. I don't know what that means. I hope so. But I still hope to keep that alive and to challenge a lot of things. Because I'm not going to die so soon. Mao Wang, Wang Mao, he said, This is how others go to work. Do you know what I mean? Of course, I think those police or some maintenance personnel on the scene are really hard. But the problem is, besides the execution, I think the most important thing is... Well, I'm going to be there to pull the drama and then the people who are against it. It's not me. I'm not going to participate in this activity. I think everyone has their own opinion. This is a democratic society. Although many people want to claim that Taiwan is a dictatorship, but Taiwan is really a dictatorship. It's not far away.
(91:07~92:08) Let's just let them do what they want to do. That's it. But don't be illegal. Besides democracy, there's another word called the law. Democracy and law are both important. Just please pay attention to this. And then Jim C said, Thank you Jim C for saving money and money for the film. Wang Xu said, playing the soul game is more wrong. The new Switch 2, will there be a new game? The original original version of the game is called The Psychic. I'm looking forward to it. Because I've always thought that the original version of the game, the Kersdorufong, is my personal favorite. I think other works like Dark Souls, the Chinese style of hardcore, I don't really like it. I think the original version is my personal favorite. Then I said to Liam, he said, I was more than 30 years old when I first played the first game. I was cheated and then the audience was angry. I broke up with him. It's the first week of the first week. I was very depressed. I found out that I was a liar.
(92:08~93:08) I was very calm and broken for a few days. I cried a lot and found that I was very sleepy. I broke up with him. I said, I'll give you money. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Then he said, can I play a song with you? I want to listen to the song I gave you. I'm telling you, I don't have anything to help you. But I can do the song. I gave you love. There is also the version of Zhang Zhenyu. There is also the version of Zhuang Zhenhao. No way. But we are listening to Yang Naiwen's version. Is that right? I gave you love. The wind in the night. Cold and cold. I feel like I'm getting drunk.
(93:08~94:09) I haven't listened to it for a long time. I suddenly feel that it's so nice. Yang Naiwen, you can sing. Oh, it's coming. It's coming, it's coming.
(94:09~95:09) It's coming. The wind in the night. Cold and cold. I feel like I'm getting drunk. The light in the corner. I feel like I'm getting drunk. I haven't listened to it for a long time.
(95:09~96:10) The wind in the night. I feel like I'm getting drunk. I haven't listened to it for a long time. I feel like I'm getting drunk. I gave you love. I won't come back. The wind you said. I won't forget. You left. I gave you love. I won't come back.
(96:10~97:10) The wind you said. I won't forget. You left. I gave you love. I won't come back. The wind you said. I won't forget. You left. I won't come back. The wind you said. I won't forget.
(97:10~98:12) You left. I gave you love. I won't come back. The wind you said. I won't forget. You left. When How 23. I gave you love. I gave you love. I gave you love. I gave you love.
(98:12~99:12) I gave you love. I gave you love. You left. I can tell you my experience. I don't usually say that I gave many suggestions, I said that this is a standard answer. But I'm sure that this is a standard answer. You should ask the doctor what is the highest quality of life. There is a balance point in this room. At the same time, you should know that cats are different. They are very human.
(99:12~100:14) I believe that animals have strong will to survive. If there is no disaster, and they have to leave the human world, I believe that most animals will die like humans. They want to live longer. I think that you should support them to survive. But at the same time, don't hurt their life. If you do something, after you finish the operation, even if they are healthy, they will experience a long and painful recovery period. They may not recover. They may be bedridden or eaten. I tell you, as long as it is like this, I think it's fine. Supporting them to survive is very hard. But don't make them suffer more. This is the best answer. Go to your vet to discuss the best way.
(100:14~101:15) One day, you will encounter a time when you have to. The vet will ask you a question. Do you still need to save him? Do you still need to continue to attack him? Make a brave decision at that crucial moment. Don't make him suffer. You need to ask a question. For example, he has a class. When he has a class, he may not have any sense of meaning. Don't make him suffer for too long. Make a bold decision. Make him leave. That's what you can do. Why do you have to ask such a question today? It's so annoying. It's annoying. What did you say? You said that you have a cup of tea. I don't know. I don't pay attention. The vet supports the video. I want to watch the video of Packing.
(101:15~102:15) Packing is a video of a man giving a pig. The vet said that he will search for this video. Let's see if there is a video of him giving a pig. I asked you about it. I recently found a video of him giving a pig. White peach flower. White peach flower is so beautiful. White peach flower is so cute. It's so cute. It's a video of a girl giving a pig. I really think it's a bad idea. HMN145. White peach flower. It's a pig. It's so beautiful. Let's change the mood. It's a video of a man giving a pig. He said that he will search for a video of him giving a pig. I want to watch it. I want to watch it. I found it so embarrassing. I thought it was a long time ago. I found it so embarrassing. I found it so embarrassing. I found it so embarrassing. I found it so embarrassing. I found it so embarrassing.
(102:15~103:16) I found it so embarrassing. I found it so embarrassing. I don't know how to say it. What the f*** is wrong with you. I just want to say it. Thank you for being with me. I found it so embarrassing. I always put my husband on my phone. My husband keeps touching my skin. My husband keeps touching my skin. How can I be a man? It's not like this. Thanks for your husband. I'm grateful to the PP's husband for bringing me up. I can buy a bento today. And then Watermelon Soup said, Hello, Gwaji, I like you very much. I want to help you. I told him that we've been working hard for this time. We all love you. And I said, We've been working hard for this time. We, Watermelon Soup and I, We all love you. The Ninth World Secret Library said, You seem to throw yourself in a strange place. Good night. Yes, throw yourself in a strange place. It's a good way to heal. It's really great. OK. OK. Wenhao 523 said,
(103:16~104:16) He can only rely on painkillers. Until the ic-cells expand to the other side of the body. When he doesn't want to eat anymore, I need to... I think it's really painful. I think it's perfect. Only you can do this. OK. Just keep it up. We all have to face this. Next time, I don't know when it's going to be. I hope it's going to be very long. Lucas said, I'm from Singapore. Can you help me to tell Taiwan's girlfriend, Li Xin, I miss you very much. And Gwaji, What's the suggestion for the love of the distant love? No, I'm telling you. The relationship is super difficult. I don't have any ideas. So I don't have any suggestions. If you can do it, I think that's really great. I hope you can cheer up. Sorry, I really didn't do this. I really think it's too difficult for me. I can't keep this far. I'll help Lucas and Li Xin. So Li Xin, I miss you very much.
(104:16~105:17) I told you to keep your head up. Don't force it. Use the code of four months. This... Please, Gwaji. Don't pay so much money. If you keep your head up, you'll make my heart beat. It's so annoying. Please, Gwaji, I wish you a long life. I wish you a good live at my birthday party. Gwaji, grateful you T muy w vereom Gwaji Lawyer. Cheers! Gwaji, really, Mr. NET, you love us even more. It's a touching day. I purposely didn't go to a cup of coffee. I met a young man. When I'm young, he quiz me. I know that many people hate me now, but of course there are many people who like me. Many people like me now. He talks about a long story, but he wants to talk about the main point.
(105:17~106:18) He said that he saw my show from high school until now. He may be studying university now, and he may be in the past 7 or 8 years. He may have been influenced by many things in his life, politics, social issues, and many other things. He thinks that what I say is not a problem, but it's a pity that society will use some bad ways to detoxify him. He feels very sorry. There is this person, I'm not talking about the story, I'm talking about the story. He suddenly said that I'm a little tired. What's going on here? He said that he had many friends around him, just like me, who have been influenced by you. I think that's the age of our generation. Ok, that's it. I'm very touched by this kind of thing.
(106:18~107:20) Maybe it's just a public comment. I don't know what he just said. I'm going to watch it. Damn it. I'm on live streaming, I didn't watch it. Oh my god. Anyway, he laughed at me. He's thinking about me. He took a picture of me. He took a picture of me. Is this a color violation of the virus? How is it blue? The virus should be the one behind me. It's orange, right? I like the virus very much. Ok.
(107:20~108:23) The public comment said that the boss would respect everyone's choice, but I can't accept your decision. I'm going to say something first. I can't commit suicide. I can't commit suicide. If I suddenly died because of the virus, someone must have killed me. I hope everyone remembers this. I can't commit suicide. If I look like I committed suicide, someone must have been responsible for the death. They killed me and made this arrangement. Because I can't commit suicide. I promise. Even if I leave a letter, and the notes are written by me, it must be a dirty arrangement. Because it's impossible that I can't commit suicide. I just can't. So don't worry about me. The boss said that he likes you. Thank you. Thank you, Ma Zhu. Thank you, Ma Zhu. Thank you.
(108:23~109:24) I'm so grateful to all the people who once said that they would be my daughter. Ma Ma said that she likes you. Thank you, Ma Ma. And Kenny said that he likes you. Thank you, he likes you. I was watching the show tonight. I was in Australia for a year. I had to find Kenny to post on the show. Because I was listening to your voice every day. Today is the holiday holiday. I saw you on the stage. I didn't like to see your voice. I understand that they don't want to see you being attacked. But I like you. I remember you. I remember you were in a bad mood. You were in a bad mood. You were in a bad mood. I'm sorry. Don't hurt me. I like you. I have a visa for two years. I don't know when I will post on the show. I hope you will do well in the country. When you can go back to Taiwan, you will have better development. I hope you will do better in the country. Ricky said that he is going to post on the show. Why did you cry when you opened the live broadcast? I was in a bad mood for four days. I was in a bad mood for five days.
(109:24~110:25) I was in a bad mood for five days. I was in a bad mood for five days. I had a chance to go to Japan in May. I don't know if I can go to Japan in May. I don't know if I can go to Japan in May. I don't know if I can go to Japan in May. I hope you can live a good life. I hope you are happy. A Ting Cheng said that she will post on the show next week. She has the chance to take pictures with you. OK. If you are in a bad mood, don't talk to me in detail. I will agree. I would promise not to cry. I can hear the cry of my fans. I love you. And I like you. I bought a new car and I also have a lot of photos of me and Gwadon. I hope that everything goes well. And everyone, yeah! It's really... It's not necessary to do this. I hope you can do it. It looks like Australia can make a new step in life. There are really a lot of people. Like that one, Xiao An. I hope that everyone goes well.
(110:25~111:25) And then, Nex, he said, Boss, you're great. We love you. I want to experience a month. But I see that the box is broken. Or I have to work. So I doubt myself. But thank you for taking care of me. I wish you a good job. I wish you a good job. And Boss, you're always beautiful. That's it. Who said I can be my son? Evan said I can be your son. No way! I'm your son. It's too hard. Daisy said, I'm not late tomorrow. I'll tell you tomorrow. I'm not late. I'm not going to be a killer. I'm telling you, I'm confident. I'm not going to be a killer. I've experienced a lot of pain in my life. I've never been a killer. I love to say, I want to be a killer. But I'm not. I'm the kind of person who works hard to survive.
(111:25~112:26) That's it. Okay. And then, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so tired. I'm going to be a killer. Okay, thank you. I don't know which media I'm talking about. But you can do it. And SS7933 said, I should be a killer. Boss, you should watch Youth Moves. It's so good. And then, we have all allora for live streaming shows. All the verge mentioned in this video are all part of our daily Luxury Live which will be in of details. Today, we will be exploring the three things that I'm too pleased to tell you with agora. So many things that we will always see together. What do you think about six months of NEXT page of XIUNarf in scene 5? What is your belief?
(112:26~113:28) I think it's like this Because you don't have that belief Actually, everything will disappear That's it Please cheer up It's not like I want to cheer up I don't want to give you any pressure It's okay anyway Since you all said that I'm a green bear Because I watch you fight So, of course You can't You can't No I'm crying It's really heavy I'm laughing I'm crying No It's really heavy N 當時小熊的表情還有些深色
(113:28~114:29) 從此他們的生活都有他跟著 有他跟著的時候他們大致都快樂 他睡女孩整頭旁男孩睡外側大事 讓他們吵架有何好的藥 他們拿他都對方法自內心的笑 他看著他們大鬧 有時被丟來丟去看過他們大炮 看過女孩抽取他有事也玩到高 能一直跟著他們沒有憂慮 不管哪裡都去 關於小熊的事業關於你 關於我關於你 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於你 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於小熊的事業關於你 關於我關於你 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 他不知道人會變 不知道男和女還之間為什麼沉默 他不知道為什麼枕頭會失掉 為什麼時報分開是遲早 但他不知道是哪裡出了問題 改變他們他以為他可以 他想問的得體想動一些這裡的沒來的記
(114:29~115:29) 就被放進去合理 在那裡面有他們寫的信 他們的相片電影的票跟之類的紀念 男孩曾帶他去旅行 帶給女孩的禮物也問過他的意見 他們的心每一字一句都填 提到每段心情還有長去的公園 看累了小熊打了喝酒成睡 在那小空間那是個冬天 關於小熊的事業關於你 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 欸 關於小熊的事業關於你 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 關於我 到畫面停在 all days 包在一起男孩回答 always 小熊沒在醒來 沒在別提起過沒在 等到男孩陪著他們一起過 隨著太陽起落了許多次
(115:29~116:30) 直到女孩自己做了許多事 直到女孩成為女人 經歷更長的旅程 更溫柔的眼神的邂逅 偶爾要多愛他們 讓他們的心情更溫柔 讓他們的心情更溫柔 讓他們的心情更溫柔 讓他們的心情更溫柔 讓他們的心情更溫柔 偶爾要被打開 往事不斷蒙太棋小熊 卻仍舊靜止在那裡 他早被枯燥了 他從沒洗過澡肯定的熱鬧 從沒再看到 從沒跟著他們一起去遠方 他的天窮無視 遺憾笑臉是假裝 但他代表那一段 他使得證明 他的故事直到一半 愛情還盛行在這世界上 儘管情書上的愛只剩字面上 卻是他不變的願望 玩小熊的誓言 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於小熊的誓言 關於我 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於小熊的誓言 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於小熊的誓言
(116:30~117:38) 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於小熊的誓言 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於小熊的誓言 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於你 關於小熊的誓言 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於我 關於你 關於星星 關於 Ranger Bum bum And then with Yenla, say something Hey, 19 years old, you're young Yenla, happy birthday
(117:38~118:38) We stop at Oude's and then we answer Always When the picture stops at Oude's and then we answer Always Okay, good night Okay Okay, and then Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Or what? Good night Today is the love sweet sweet I suddenly put the next song Today is the love sweet sweet Yenla's birthday She came from the pure and sweet Jun Jun Okay, I'm here with Jun Jun And Jun Jun's friend Is this Yong Yi's wife Say a word And then Thank you Thank you I'm so happy Say a hug Say a hug
(118:38~119:40) And then Thank you Okay, so what's the worst thing now? You just have to How to say it The earth has experienced many times of ice and sand It will always return to spring The moment of spring warm flowers And then the This song
(119:40~120:40) Okay, I didn't put it in last time That's right This song Adolo's song is more accurate today This song is the classic of the 29th century Then this Free This is free Okay I said it Do you know I'm talking to you Did I say it Then This band Adolo Adolo Okay I found it Do you know what Put it down directly Then We discussed it over the past ten years Did we break the glass wall too much Since the new era has gradually For democracy and freedom And not to cherish The only one who has called for the salvation And a bunch of people Even want to be the guardian of the future
(120:40~121:40) Our transformation Really has a long way to go Okay, this is what he said And the sweet And the sweet Freedom Freedom Freedom Freedom The chapel Around the Tatar And the past Already there And my night Up in the sky Freedom Freedom
(121:40~122:42) Freedom Freedom The only one who is missing Freedom Freedom The only one who is missing The human is unfortunately not the me The human is unfortunately primitive Freedom Freedom Freedom Where the song is set off All those who believe in freedom Yes If
(122:42~123:47) Someone came to the North today To protest the dictatorship of the Democratic Party I will ask everyone a question Today on this earth The country is still alive There is a nuclear bomb Where is the dictatorship of the world peace Is always with us Freedom Freedom Freedom Is always with us If you are afraid of independence Why don't you stand up To Planning the Af But you are willing, stand up Be fearless
(123:47~124:48) Please be fighter of China Okay, that's it. Okay. Thank you. That's it. I've already finished talking. Okay. Chen Po Yu. He said he's currently in a special case and is in trouble. I hope he can pass the test. He's here to charge the battery for the week. And then he can rest for a day. Okay, good luck. Many people are working hard or are preparing to charge the battery at the end of their hard work. I hope you can do well no matter where you are. And then, Jiu Yi Liu, he said he's 21 years old and can live a happy birthday. I wish Jiu Yi a happy birthday. And then, Huahua said she and her three-year-old daughter have broken up. Although I don't know how to continue living, but it's a good tool for GPD. That's right. Let me tell you, I really don't think we should fight against AI anymore. If you haven't opened it yet, I'm telling you, you should open it. Because this thing basically has the use of money. You don't have to spend money, you know? You just need to use it twice. It's trying to help you, whether it's life or work, to assist some things you think you need to do. To clear your personal thoughts. No matter what you do,
(124:48~125:49) you will find that this thing is really interesting. Okay? Then, Riki Lin, he said, hey, boss, I'm going to open this for you on Saturday night. Why are you crying when I open this? Saturday night, I started to have a 10-day long-term package and 5-day trip. I just read this. Okay, that's it. Congratulations, congratulations. Then, this... What did Pan say? He said, Boss, don't cry, don't cry. Thank you for your hard work. Love you. Thank you, Pan. Then, Zhuang Xiaorui said, a few days ago, the dog was dead. Because of heart failure. Then, I remember when I just arrived home, the dog was still shouting, and he almost knew I was back. Then, from the zoo, I helped him take the medicine back. I don't know what happened. Suddenly, he was lost. Then, when I left the hospital, the boss told me that he had... he had a breath. He could help him take a breath. But, when I arrived at the hospital, the doctor said that he had left. I was crying in front of the dog. Then, I just wanted to, if possible, sacrifice my life to save him for a few hours. Then, I believe your dog doesn't want you to do this. Really, he didn't think so. You have to live well. Because, the time you live,
(125:49~126:50) whether it's a few days or a few years, is very important to the people who love you. Then, KKW said, someone said they wanted to know if you were on the night of April 19th, or if you were going to the whole year of the year. The answer is no. Because, I actually had something to do that day. Sorry. Then, then, I told myself, don't think that AI will be the same all the time. You know, there are two kinds of people in this world. One is that AI will be a good friend of human beings. The other is that AI will become the enemy of human beings. Then, what kind of person do you think I am? I can only say that I think this is very certain. He is an AI friend. If one day, AI and humans will open up, you know, he is the the traitor in the human world. You will suddenly find out that this is how you got to that side. At this time, his brain has already inserted a few pieces of gold. You know, then, the eyes will be red light. He said, he said, AI will tell the world Alright. He only allowed the milk and red bean cake. He said, boss, look at the boss crying.
(126:50~127:44) I was at home, I was ready to go to work. I was with this wet eye. The eyes are back. I'm going to re-draw. Alright, sorry. Sorry. Alright, everyone is happy. Alright, then, that's it. Today's show is almost over. Sky, please continue to answer. Thank you very much. Good night.
