(00:00~01:04) Came back. Yes, yes, yes. Come on baby. Spring Festival will be someone to watch live broadcast.
(01:04~02:04) There should be a lot of things to do. I'm thinking about it. But everyone should be... Everyone... I don't want to talk about the topic of the fireworks today. I'll just play the song. Everyone should have a good listen. The snake is so cool. What is snake? Forget it. All the new year's music videos are okay. No, no, no. Daisy, Daisy, Daisy. You are human. We are all human. We are all human. I don't want to sing.
(02:04~03:06) My boss doesn't want to sing today. There is no preparation for singing. And I really can't sing. I can't be a kind of normal person. I'm not singing. I'm not on music. I'm not that kind of... What? What's the wave live? It's not that kind of thing. I was blocked by all the YouTube or Twitch platforms. But I did a lot of controversial things. I was on the Internet. Because of the public service, such as the live streaming platform, they thought I was a little bit of a user. So I made some contract money. Maybe I don't know. 1.5 million. You can see my little watch every year. I open a live every day. I might be there every day. Because I have to do live streaming every day. Because those platforms have to have a schedule. Maybe a week. Maybe a regular schedule. 10 hours, 20 hours. So I can't send so many material.
(03:06~04:07) How do I sing to everyone? That's possible. But before that, I don't think I can do it. That 10 hours may be a time to use the electric. You know, there are many Internet celebrities. They have been there for a while. There is a feeling of being in a good mood. It will become this state. For example, I remember that Tau Yixi may have been there once. And then, Tong Shen, it seems that there was also a period of the same. The director seemed to have also experienced that. But no matter what, I haven't reached that state yet. So I don't have to do this. So the first thing I want to do is what do you want to hear today? I'll sing to everyone. Oh my god, I'm crazy. What I have to think about is actually, I sometimes go to some public places. Can I talk about this? I want to think about it. I was just thinking about what I was going to say. I was thinking about whether this thing will cause some controversy. I can only say that sometimes I sometimes see some people on the street singing. I have a question. Not everyone. Actually, many people really try their best to perform. And then I think I want to give her a share. And then I want to put money down. But there are some people
(04:07~05:08) who sing on the street. Actually, I think singing is a bit dirty. I think he really thinks this is a suitable job. He doesn't think about it. Usually, we put something for example, singing as a job. It must be because I'm good at singing. I think this is my special feature. So I took it and used it to make rice. But why do people who can't sing do this job? So sometimes I have some doubts. But I'm not saying that not everyone is like this. But sometimes I have this strong feeling after some performers. I actually went to a... Hey, thank you. I went to a... It's so hot. I went to a rest stop in the open car. Maybe I went to the South China Sea or the South China Sea. Oh, the South China Sea. And then I went to a rest stop. Actually, there is a person who is a person who is a person of height. He is sitting on the wheel. And then he sings. But singing is not a problem. Singing is very easy. But the reason is because you know that is a bus stop next to a highway. I asked him what is the reason for the bus stop? Probably because of the 9th floor. Maybe because of the toilet. Maybe 1 floor left.
(05:08~06:08) Maybe for a meal. So actually no one will stop him singing. So I feel sad at that time. I saw him singing in the distance. He was singing but he didn't listen to me. Everyone was singing. Some people even ran to the toilet. He was sitting next to the toilet. He went to the toilet. And then he was singing in the air. And then suddenly I don't know why he did this. Because I don't know if he saw me or not. Because I always felt a little sad. So I kept looking at him. But I was away from him. Because I think I only have one person who is watching him singing. I personally feel awkward. So I just... I just kept looking at him. And then suddenly he started like this. He just put his hands up in the sky and started to clap. And then he sang while clapping. He was singing and dancing. And then I thought what the fuck? No one is watching you. You know? Except for me. Who are you doing this to? I felt a little sad at that time. So I just stood with him about 20 meters away.
(06:08~07:09) It was very far. I was standing in the parking lot. I was standing there. I was resting in there. Only me. I was standing there. That was a very special experience. I just have one thing. It's like this world only has me to do this. So I have to do this. Okay, that's it. Let's share a story. I just said happy new year to everyone. Okay. I want to say this first. Happy New Year to everyone. The photo was taken with my dad. And then I went to the Hutao Mountain environmental park. I posted a article yesterday about this thing. But the problem is because the number of people is about 3000. Actually, the number of people is really not that high. So many people have not seen it. I think it's not a very important thing. I went to attend a not a previous one but this week. Before the Spring Festival
(07:09~08:10) I just went to attend a family farewell ceremony. Not a direct letter. It's not that clear. But it's also a common thing that I've been doing in the past. So it's actually pretty important. I think I was on the spot that day. Farewell ceremony. But because I didn't want to talk to everyone about the past details of farewell ceremony. That's not the point. The point is actually on that day I suddenly I'm going to confirm one thing. Tonight on live broadcast someone is helping me. Oh, there is. There is. There is. I just I just I just I just I was watching Did you help me to organize the message? He actually helped me do this Spring Festival. I'm really happy to have a new year with Noji. Thank you very much for helping me do this. And Noji also shared a boring Q and give me. Just the same time He shared Wait a minute. Is he helping me to record? No, he didn't help me record. He just shared the Q and give me. I'm wrong. Okay, it's okay. Anyway, I'll wait for the message part. Wait a minute. Let me see who just talked to. PKW I'll quickly record it. Tony Tony said the last time he was a soldier
(08:10~09:28) was live broadcast. Okay, this this Jianghu is here. The soldier is just four months of the matter. Xia Dingying is back in a minute. Okay, come on. Wait a minute. Okay, quickly remember. Then at nine o'clock Actually, Noji shared a shared a news He said the award ceremony of the Zengwen Water Water Cool fell. Anyway, it's because of his because of the earthquake Zengwen Water Cool Award ceremony because of the fall and then then just in the water and then just sink into the water. Then he added a title I don't know if he thinks about it or is it super internet he wrote on it Oh, you say Oh, that is Oh, oh, oh, you are the water you say is the award ceremony award ceremony so he said the award ceremony is just sink into the water so it is Oh, you say is this okay? I don't know. I personally don't think so. I think what bad things are very bad. Okay, where did I just talk about? What did I just talk about? Oh, I said goodbye. Yes, yes, yes. I was
(09:28~10:29) that that subscribe that here then you say Thank you for ful for visiting your parents But there are still many helpers who help to carry out the whole process of etiquette. This service staff has a very high probability of maybe nine percent. Probably girls. And I think they all deliberately pick some good looks. At least girls with a short appearance. Anyway, that's right. I think Mo Zhe Yang Xin said, I've heard of this thing before. When you go to the farewell party, a place where you won't be bored. Because farewell is a process that is very long. Not every one. And because this is after all a farewell situation. Unless you are self-sacrificing. So you really feel it. Most people, actually at that time, Some people may participate in the three-level, five-level, super-wide. Maybe there's no strong emotional wave. So what will you start to do at this time? bored? What will you do when you're bored? Just go to see the service staff of the etiquette company. Okay, this is the topic. This is not the point. The point is, when I went into the meeting room, There was suddenly a lady from the etiquette company. She was very pretty.
(10:29~11:30) The long hair tied up. And then, and then, I wore a black suit. And then suddenly she talked to me. She said, oh, I'm glad to see you. And then, I was very quiet. I thought about it later. It seems to be me. Because I was in another farewell party before. Actually, I seem to have met her. And then, I think I took pictures with her. I'm not sure. Because everyone is dressed in a short suit. Then I saw her once. And then she still wore a mask. So actually I'm not 100% sure. I've actually seen a farewell party. It should be with my husband. I guess. And then, I have an impression. I'm very impressed. I know who she is. But because at the moment, Because that's a serious meeting. So I just nodded. And then I took a photo. And then I forgot to talk. Otherwise, I walked in. I was thinking about it in the meeting room. Was the process of this conversation normal? And then I was thinking about one thing. This meeting. Of course, I don't dare to meet people I know in any kind of meeting. A kind face. You will always feel very happy. So at any moment, I must have a feeling. Oh, oh, oh.
(11:30~12:31) I met a kind person. I feel very good. But this meeting. It really makes people feel very strange. Later, when I went out. I met another host. Yesterday, I met a guy. Yesterday, I met a guy who was working. The host at that time. And then he looked at me. He said, I really hope that I don't meet you in this kind of meeting. I thought, yes, yes. This is the most reasonable word. I was so excited. I just wanted to say, Hey, this, this meeting. I really don't know what to say. What do you know what I'm saying? At that time, I felt like I met a kind person I know. A kind person. I'm talking about something weird. What can I say? Ah, hope next time. Not in this meeting. I met you. This is the most correct answer. That's it. Okay, that's it. Share a boring story for everyone. This is a boring thing. I seem to have prepared a lot of boring things in front of me. I actually talked like this. Okay, forget it. I think it's like this.
(12:31~13:56) Everyone, listen to the music less today. So I decided to take a break. Now it's already January. And then, Hey, is January over? Yes, January is not over yet. January is the end of January. And then the next two months are coming. So what do we have now? We are going to say goodbye to our December, Say goodbye to our December. Bye bye, Mrs. December.
(13:56~15:00) Bye bye, Mrs. December. I think I know him. So ponadelo
(15:00~16:01) Yeah This song, I'm sure, I've played it last year About 3-4 months ago Bye bye, Mrs. December December 9th December 9th December 1st Very reasonable Zap Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
(16:01~17:29) Oh, I love you. Goodbye without meeting you, Mrs. Joe. I want to collect the light of winter. Oh, I'm so sad. Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby! I just wanted to make you look young.
(17:29~18:35) Mrs. Joe's back, Mrs. Joe's back, Mrs. Joe's back. Mrs. Joe's back, Mrs. Joe's back, Mrs. Joe's back. Bye-bye, Mrs. December. I'm going to talk about politics.
(18:35~19:35) First, deep-seek, the latest model is called R1. I remember two weeks ago, I think at least one or two weeks ago, I had a lot of technology circles, like big cities, and the boss had already posted various articles about deep-seek. But it was just a news article, a media article, and a newspaper. So, we were all talking about it. And the other thing is, I don't know if you know, I don't know how to call him, a singer. We call him the singer of the West Sea. It's a meaning, a meaning. Everyone thinks it's weird, who is the meaning? I've heard Taiwanese people say it's weird, but I don't know what it means. I'll tell you, I don't know what song it's about, but it's probably about three or five. I'll tell you first, because our live broadcast is a little bit higher,
(19:35~20:35) so I don't think it's good, even the ratio is not good. Many people don't know it, it's Paramella. I need to introduce Paramella to everyone. I really don't want to play this song on my live broadcast. Paramella is a very expensive car. You can imagine it as a car, like a car with a certain LLV classic. It's just a song. The content of the song is about Paramella, so girls will love me. This kind of song, there are lyrics that are more intimate to girls. So this song is popular, and many people don't like it, because it's very土. There are even some female characters, and there are some political and political parts, and everyone will feel that it's hard to listen to a song. But Paramella is a little bit black and red, because the audience is very high, and the audience is very big. Many children are playing the role,
(20:35~21:35) but this is not the point. Actually, the singer of this song is called Yi Yi. A few days ago, he posted a video on the bed, it seems that it's a short video or a live broadcast. The majority of the audience is saying, I'm telling you, don't do the X-Has, don't do the YYX, and don't fight the X-Has. I'm not sure how the sales of this video suddenly exploded. In short, he posted a video, and he said, don't say that his song is bad, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, he criticized Yulun, so there were some X-Has, because he got famous, and he started to fight with him. At first, there were some guys in the school circle, and then they started to argue with each other. Then I saw him in the spring festival. Then during the spring festival, suddenly he just made a live broadcast, a live broadcast with I.G.
(21:35~22:35) and there were many fans, and there were some Y-Yis. Then there were other X-Has singers, some of them were Runaway, and all of them are directly talking face to face. They are super good looking. I think that's probably why people who are interested in this circle of culture pay attention to it. I remember when I was watching, I remember that King of the Golden Thread, King of the Golden Thread, I think I've met him in various fields in the past. I've met him for example. But King of the Golden Thread, maybe he himself, maybe his mental state or some other factors, he was more likely to appear in the middle. But when he came out, he suddenly said one thing, I really love Xihua. So I think you're really wrong about this. I hope you can apologize. Otherwise, I'll tell you, I'm in Xihua, I'm in a bad situation. I'm crazy about that. So I'll definitely fight with you, fight with my life and death. He said some things that are more exciting. Then I saw Ruen Shao, I think Ruen Shao, I'll talk about it later. Actually, this thing is quite interesting. Everyone is looking forward to it. What's next? 89 circles, Street circles,
(22:35~23:35) The singer of this circle of school, is it going to start a D-Star battle? I don't know. So, I think about it, about a week or two ago, I met Dila one day. That time Paramella was really, really popular. Then I asked Dila, Hey, Dila, what do you think of Paramella? I'm really looking forward to it. As a color-based person, this Dila will immediately make some ruthless criticism for Paramella. Because how to say, what is it actually? This color can be considered a Xihua circle's文青 brand. Maybe it's not the whole Xihua circle's most popular, the largest number of流. But at least on the market, everyone agrees that the color is really beautiful. It's really very, very good. So at that time, I wanted to say, I wanted to ask him, I wanted to hear his high notes. Because at that time, I really didn't like the song. I think I didn't, I didn't like the reason at first. Because I think the taste, in my feeling, is actually not very good. It seems to make some people's lives successful, and then it's related to some very expressive, very materialistic factors.
(23:35~24:35) And really, I really didn't like the song. You know what? It's kind of like, if I like to drink wine today, and I tell people, I think I love drinking champagne. You actually have a kind of, do you really know how to drink? It's not a bad wine, it's a very good wine. And it's also a, it's its quality, it's absolutely right on its price. So it's not a lie. The champagne is really good. But it's because it's very famous. You also know that going to the bar, to the nightclub, there will be people who open this to donate. So when you say, I drink champagne, you really know what else is there? Or is it just because it's very famous? Or is the price very high? So you will take it out and donate. Do you have this feeling? Paramella has a feeling like this. In other words, Paramella is a promise that it has a lot of answers to this world. So I think this song is not good for me. So I'm looking forward to what Dylan will tell me. But Dylan is just saying to me, I don't think there's anything. There's no problem. Then I think, it's different from my answer. I show a little bit of my emotion. Dylan said, I tell you, you have to think about
(24:35~25:35) the way that when the song started to develop, those little little brothers who were walking on the street, little流氓, the song was like this. Their lyrics are almost the same. So if you really think you are a person who is very fond of Western culture, the most primitive culture, how can you have a opinion on Paramella? He wanted to express something with the early American little p&r singers. No difference. They are the current OG. They speak the same words. So he said, I have no opinion. But of course, because I didn't continue to discuss this topic with him, because we have other important things that day. So this topic is over here. I didn't continue to discuss it with him later. But I think I'm the next part of my super-ease. So it's not Dylan's real idea. I'm still thinking about this question. Actually, for Dylan, he must not be easy to directly criticize a music like this. Say he's nice or not nice. Because for Dylan, he must have something called a nice rouser. Something called a bad rouser. So he will be a producer or a musician. He must have his own taste.
(25:35~26:35) He doesn't say anything good. But he's not good at saying this. It's because he has passed the market verification. He has a high rate of流. He actually made a production source. No matter if it's lyrics or something. In fact, he thinks that there is no problem with verification. So if at this time, I just said, I think this thing is very poor. It seems to be very low-key. It's high. So it's not cool. And then envy. At the same time, he can't express this. But he means he's just a little friend of a few years old. I've lived for more than 40 years. I've been living in the night market. I'm still there to suppress him. Is that true? Of course not. So I asked him. He did give me a very official answer. I think that thing is okay. Then I thought about it very seriously. So this is when I'm facing the fear and the fear of being pulled. Should I have the right attitude? I thought about it. Actually, it doesn't seem like it. At this time, I have to answer the question. I think it's actually very good. He used his general sense of humor. He said directly to the meaning. I'll tell you, I won't say you're not even a
(26:35~27:35) Xinhua circle. He also said that he thought you're a Xinhua circle. You're also one of us. But I'm telling you, that Xinhua circle is very good. He just gave it to me. That Xinhua circle is very good. I thought Xinhua's foot is really good. This is my answer. Yes, actually, the answer is right. His music is Xinhua. It's the Xinhua circle. He and Xinhua's Xinhua circle are very good. There are no two things. Young people from the street want to express their inner feelings in this way. Even if it's very original and very original, there is no big problem. It's right to say it's not bad. But this is the principle of their creation. But is it good to listen to the song? I can still tell my own opinion. I'll tell you directly. But it's too much. I also think it's too much. I don't care about the other things. The lyrics. Of course, if you think I'm a female lead, or a female rights guardian, and you think I should criticize her, I think it's okay. There's no problem. Because this is your position. You should do things. But as a listener,
(27:35~28:55) or a listener who likes to listen to Xinhua or the people who listen to Rao Se. It's really hard to start from the lyrics. Because so many Rao Se singers sing this kind of thing. At this time, he said he was wrong. Isn't it reasonable? We can do the most reasonable criticism. It's called this thing is really hard to listen to. This group is also very improveorse that he had to watch a lot of songs. As a result ofahr this group could fix. If you graduatedной capita고 away from each other, can voice or identity. Ni mo brain basis. I'm trying to record congratulations Hoattle Canerai pink card weighs thats NT$2k congrats super per credit
(28:55~29:56) This ain't back in the days, but you don't hear me though This ain't back in the days, but you don't hear me though You know it's more cocoa leavey, oh one, two, three, one, two, three All it is to me is a mystery I hear your mother f***ing talk about it But I stay seeing bodies with the mother f***ing talk around it And I'm down with this f***ing tube For the stupid mother f***ing wanna try to use kung fu Instead of a f***ing ten, he tried scrapping slugs in his back and that's what the f*** has happened And I'm down with this f***ing tube Little mother f***ing with heat, wanna leave a n*** six feet deep And we come into the waste to make sure the crime and commotion ain't a mother f***ing fake Back in the days, the parents used to take care of us Look at them now, they be f***ing scared of us
(29:56~30:56) Calling the city for help because they can't maintain Then it's done changed Back in the days, the police used to talk about the glass rock Back in the days, the police used to talk about the glass rock If I wasn't in the rap game, I'd probably have a kidney deep in the crack game Because the streets are the shortstop Either you're swinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot And it's hard being young from the slums eating five cent gums Not knowing where your meals coming from And now this g*** is getting crazier and major Kids younger than me, they got sky grand pages Going out of town, blowing up Six months later, all the dead bodies showing up It make me wanna grab the nine and the shot But I gotta go identify the body Damn, what happened to the summertime lookout
(30:56~31:56) Every time I turn around, I'm f***ing getting took out My mama got cancer and a breast Don't ask me why I'm mother f***ing stressed Things done changed Back in the days, the police used to talk about the glass rock Back in the days, the police used to talk about the glass rock It's a boring story. It's really boring. Don't expect too much. I went to Taiwan every day. I can't say one thing.
(31:56~32:56) I was really happy to go to Taiwan this time. I stayed there for three days and two nights. I ate and drank. But it's not the point. Sometimes, on the road, I'm a bit difficult to explain. I have a... I know, I know. Sometimes, we think we need to do a light investigation. For example, in the world, do Taiwanese like Q-A-Series or hate Q-A-Series? We might need to do some scientific light-up statistics. For example, we need to find a private company. They might call 1000 people. In the end, we need to draw a picture. 1000 people, we need to do 1000 people's 100-person group. So it means that 20% of people like Q-A-Series. Or even lower, maybe 2%. Or 0.2%. That's possible. This is the light-up research. But sometimes, what we want to do is to be honest, I remember a scientist who often said that there is light-up on the street. He likes to get a answer on the street light-up. The street light-up doesn't mean it's scientific.
(32:56~33:56) It's not a real light-up statistics. So his answer may be quite sincere. So street light-up and the results of the light-up are obvious. Like before, I remember another scientist, Mu Tai Ming. He has some super-discriminating research and discussion. I wanted to get a break from it, but I thought they were too weak. I would say this is stupid. But you just have to say that sometimes, when it comes to one thing, the situation is like this. The investigation is like this. When they connect the relationship between the two, I would think it's really a break-up. If you do scientific research, you will be crazy. But really, I don't want to discuss this. What I want to talk about is to tell you, I also believe that I am a light-up figure. What is the place in this world? I will go to... But to be honest, I want to talk about that I know this is very incorrect. Because I have a deep impression that I remember a famous speaker named Wu Xiang Hui. He was a kid who refused to be a college student. But he was a kid who refused to be a college student. When he was young, he had a book
(33:56~34:57) called this name. So he became a famous starting point because of this relationship. He was very old now. He was a little boy. He looked like a low-class, ugly citizen. Because his style is a bit like that. But this is not the point. Anyway, it's Wu Xiang Hui. At that time, he said many wrong things and did many things wrong. So I think he is getting more and more old. Everyone doesn't want to understand him. He sometimes... I remember he said something. He said, I tell you, I'm walking on the road now. I can still feel it. How about it? The driver and the brother are very close. They all stop me. Actually, you are all... Just saying something that I hate to be said. I'm talking nonsense. I feel like it's not like that. When I saw him say this, I thought, why is he so pitiful? It's just that you must be one or two people who treat you well. You immediately misunderstand that people in this world are all nice to you. You are the kind of person who is a little bit different. Don't lie to others. This is not true. But the thing is, now I have to talk about the things I say. I feel like I'm with Wu Xiang Hui and he seems to have a lot of share. When I was in Taiwan,
(34:57~35:57) I actually felt strongly that I don't know why. Actually, I'm not just going to Taiwan. I feel a bit like that in Taipei now. Actually, recently, I don't know if everyone feels that I need encouragement or what. In the past, many people would see me and they wouldn't say anything to me. But now, many people are talking to me. They will say, I need to cheer up. And then, maybe in Taiwan, I don't know, maybe in a more passionate way. People don't just talk to me, they keep giving me stuff. It's like I'm very hungry or what? It's like the boss of a convenience store gives me a convenience store. And then, the boss of a sweet store gives me a sweet store. And then, I have all kinds of things. I go to a clothing store. I'm not even going to a clothing store. I'm going to a coffee shop. But the coffee shop is the boss of a clothing store. He takes his clothes and tells me, what? What does that mean? So, I thought it was just a little trip, three days and two days. So, I basically brought a light equipment, a small backpack. I went straight there. But then, I thought I had to carry these things back. It's really a pain in the neck. Because there are a lot of things. I'm quite touched. I even went to eat
(35:57~36:58) the eel noodles. I remember what it was. The little piece of meat. I remember the eel noodles with the meat. I'm not sure if I was wrong. I think the eel noodles is usually more than 50% or even 100%. Because there are a lot of them. I thought, it's impossible. I used to come here before. I don't remember so many eel noodles. Why did you give so many? Boss, are you okay? That's what I feel. You will have a kind of... Everyone is very nice to you. And then, I'm quite happy. Then, I went to drink some wine one night. I was in Ba Hong. Ba Hong is a place that everyone knows that I often go to drink wine. I drank a cup first. Because the boss, because... Ah Xiang, the boss, Ba Hong's boss, Ah Xiang seems to be in another place recently, a fast-moving bar. The main point is that he is also doing his own personal wine. Then, it's called Loaf Ice, L-O-F-T-I-C-E. Then, I thought, I'll drink a cup today. Then, I went to Ah Xiang's place, and I went to the factory. I was like, I'll drink a cup over there. Then, I went to the place where I was standing.
(36:58~37:58) But when I left Ba Hong, I sent a... Actually, I forgot a little bit. It's a document, right? It should be a document. I should have sent a document. I said, because I was going to leave Ba Hong, so I said, I was going to leave Ba Hong, but I was going to go to another place, but I didn't write the full name of the place. I only said Loaf L-O-F-T, then, so I let everyone go to pick it up. So, I didn't tell everyone what kind of place this is. There are no completely hidden clues, but I didn't really tell them. I went there. I didn't think that I would drink a cup over there. I saw a person I knew. I couldn't tell anyone I knew. I saw the mask, and the door appeared. I was simply talking about the person I saw on the Internet. But, I actually didn't tell anyone. I didn't face the person I talked to. I thought it was a coincidence. I thought I would say hello to him. I didn't think he was calling me. I was blind. But we had a chat for about an hour or two. We had a great chat. But, it was like a strange... He was worried that he would leave.
(37:58~38:58) He asked if I was disturbing your time. Because my wife was by my side. He might think that you were going to be taken away by me for an hour. Isn't that right? At that time, I thought, it's not going to be okay. But, the whole process is that you can feel that no matter someone came to me, someone kept giving me something. Everyone made me feel kind. And, I felt like I was in a full-time shop. I was actually very happy. Thank you all. I felt that although I know that street-to-be-dial is not a kind of science, I don't believe that street-to-be-dial is not a kind of wood-toed-dial. These things are super-due. Those things are super-due. But, I also think that Wu Xiang Hui is very stupid. I thought that street-to-be-dial is good to him. It means that this world is good to him. Damn, this is impossible. I know that in my heart. Don't tell me. But, these kind of activities, really, each one of you will help me to put in more muscles in my heart. You know, more HP, MP, my energy energy, and energy energy. I will be back in three days and two nights. I will be back.
(38:58~39:58) The most interesting thing is that I remember the first night I went there. I was going to have dinner. I met a young girl and her mother on the way. She said to me, I'm so excited. Can I take a photo with you? I said yes. After the photo was taken, I left. There was nothing else. But, I left for about a minute. Suddenly, this girl came from a far place. She ran over and chased me. She said, I'm so excited. I have two watermelons here. They were bought nearby. I want to give you some. I thought, what? You want to give me some watermelons? Do you really think I'm hungry? I looked like a lion. But, I thought it should be delicious. She recommended it to me. It was really delicious. So, I sent a message to the girl. She had a message. I sent a message to her. She said, which one is this? I will send it to her on Google Maps. I can buy it later. She told me, I don't remember what sugar is. But sugar is the sugar of the left-hand man. No. I don't know what sugar is. I have to say, the sugar is a very positive place. I eat a lot of
(39:58~40:58) watermelons in Taipei. I eat a lot of watermelons in Taipei. I've had watermelons in many places. It's my first time eating watermelons in Taiwan. I've never thought that the watermelons in Taiwan can be sweet. I was so surprised. The skin of the noodles is really sweet. Of course, we know that the noodles will be sweet and natural. The noodles are fragrant. It's all right. It's not normal. It might have sugar. Why? It's like the noodles are sweet. I laughed. I thought it's delicious. But I thought why the noodles are sweet? Can you explain to me? The watermelons in Taiwan. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live.
(40:58~41:58) I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. But how? How do you see the red? I want to be the freak. I just want to be real. I said I'm so cynical to be just like me. If it'd have run away, pretentious girl days. All of my life I've made, pretend I'm okay. I'm getting some of these lies. nothing to explain to you. I've been getting some of these. I've been hurtin' because of you. Every single breath I can't lose count. Worst your body like handcuffs. I hate it for how you look. Hated for nothing, oh I'm gonna love, give me that, give me nothing but your sense
(41:58~42:59) I've tried to be the same But it creeps back, fight inside and in days I'm lost in creep tonight, I'm lost in creep tonight Give me love, give me that, give me nothing but your sense I go to school by bus Okay, this song is I go to school by bus And then No, the chicken just appeared I thought it wasn't there Actually I really think it doesn't need to help me with this But I still thank you But thank you, thank you
(42:59~43:59) I actually just tried to remember the message Then PKW says Sponsor a ounce of poetry Okay, thank you There's an Itu Actually, I've been watching one I've already started watching Seven. Seven, I just watched it. Because of the main reason, I suddenly started to compare it with Plus. I'm very disappointed with the word Plus. I want to say something honest. Seven is not bad. But I don't know why I think Plus is better than Seven. That's it. I want to share a message for you. You can see it on the Disney channel.
(43:59~44:59) The animation of the Russian horse. It's all very nice. I want to share a message from a member. There's actually a message from a member. I don't know why I'm so touched by it. I think it's very emotional. I'll leave it at the end of today's video. The cat that's moving around the world for a long time. It thinks about the decision to vote. Maybe it's because of the fear of being criticized by the white paper. The rest is just a coward and greedy self. But in the cold afternoon of the country, I was able to sing with the song. It's more than anything. I've forgotten this song. I think I've heard this song. I've forgotten it. I actually found this song. I've forgotten this song. I don't know what it is. But I think I've heard it. It's written as if it's always been. I want to tell you the story.
(44:59~46:00) I'll turn it on first. This song. Is it this one? This song. It's a melody. I can't count the number. But I'm sure I'll meet you beyond that. Okay. I'm a college graduate. I've been with my girlfriend for many years. We were young for a few months. Because of the foreign studies, we've been in love for a long time. But we're less distant. We still have a good relationship. Maybe it's because we're not the people who interact with each other. In the past few years, I've known that a current girlfriend may not be the one I want to be with. Yes, I like the time we spend together.
(46:00~47:00) But I feel like this is not love. It seems like a kind of being relied on. And then taking care of and petting the relied on. Rong Tao sometimes jokes about that he looks like a pet. I thought it was just the different appearance of the couple. But gradually, I feel annoyed with the troubles of the couple. Although I still feel like petting her, sometimes I feel like I'm being the one who's been looking after her. I'm afraid that I don't want to be the one who's been separated from her. I thought it was a soul. But she said it's still love. It's still love. I'll talk about it later. A few days ago, I was traveling in Europe with a few strangers. One of them was a 2-year-old sister. She was a cook, and she was interesting. She had a similar background with me. I have to say she was my ideal sister. Even after the trip, I still think of her. I don't know her feelings. I don't know much about her, but I have
(47:00~48:00) a lot of conversations with her. I can't forget the things she did for me. I hope that I'm single. I can chase her without hesitation. Even if I can't be together, I still want to have this chance to try. Sorry, Gwaji. I'm not a person who can tell stories. I think I can't tell my feelings clearly. Now, I'm not sure if I'm just thinking about the distance I'm far away from her. I just want to break up. But I don't want to hurt her. I really have a selfish idea. Gwaji, what should I do? Can you sing a song to answer me? I'm a new person who can't tell her feelings. Okay, let's go back to the first one. I remember I saw a voice a few days ago. It's a very simple voice. It's a voice of two-star relationship. It's not really funny. She said she waited
(48:00~49:00) for three hours to send a message. I've never heard a message before. I've never seen this word. But I've never seen this word. When I first saw it, I totally got her. She said I might I might I might send a message with a warm 500 words. I met a funny thing this afternoon. I want to share how my colleagues send 500 words to each other. But each other only answered three hours. Three hours is enough because she's busy at work, at work, at a meeting. But she answered a short text. She said she was waiting for three hours to see this. My pants were all torn. She said she was waiting for three hours to see this. I said what I wanted to say to my colleagues. She said she was I'm I'm I'm I'm
(49:00~50:00) I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not the only traveler who is not prepared as dead I've been searching for a trail to follow again take me back
(50:00~51:02) to the night we met and then I can't tell myself what the hell I'm supposed to do and then I can't tell myself not to ride along with you I had all and then must have used some and now none of you taking me back to the night we met I don't know what I'm supposed to do haunted by the gusty wind well taking me back to the night we met
(51:02~52:02) when the night was full of terror and your eyes were filled with tears when you had not touched me yet oh take me back to the night we met I had all and then must have used some and now none of you take me back to the night we met I don't know what I'm supposed to do haunted by the gusty wind take me back to the night we met
(52:02~53:02) I don't know what I'm supposed to do haunted by the gusty wind take me back to the night we met I don't know what I'm supposed to do haunted by the gusty wind take me back to the night we met I don't know why my YouTube is weird well it's done it's done it just happened I just had a small accident but I think I've solved the problem once again thank you for your time and for helping me to sort out these things you're really great thank you and then what did Bono say 66 months 66 years old with a lot of love congratulations I wish you all the best I wish you all the best I wish you all the best life is full of wisdom long live thank you and then I wish you all the best
(53:02~54:03) and if I can I hope that if you can do a video to give you a review and teach us how to write I can do this without a big deal I can do it I can do this but the problem is if you want to wait a month or two because I want to wait for something to come but after a month or two you know why I have to wait for a month or two I'll tell you what happened wait for me for a month or two I'll do this 100% And I think why should I be self-sufficient? Why should I do something wrong? I'm self-sufficient! I'm blind! And then... And then... And then this... The hot air Barcelona is changing things with me, right? He said, you see, you see, with the Mk.7 I admit, I only saw the previous one about the 6th or 7th level He said, remember to hold the 15th level before But plus, OVA Don't take it as a work of the year This is a work of the drawing It's not comparable Plus, it's said that the movie version has a few re-reproduced It will be more than OVA The four-level opening is more like a battle But in my mind, it's 7th Barcelona is the best The four-level opening Try Again
(54:03~55:06) In case you can change your work in the next week I hope you've heard the live broadcast of the new year I will never give up Try Again Try Again is a three-way show Come on, I tell you Try Again The song name sounds like there must be a lot of songs of the same name Damn, I'll... I'll... Which song is Try Again? Whose Try Again? Damn, the question is Whose Try Again? I think I guessed right Because this is Fire Bomber It's Fire Bomber, right? I told Chao Lin Zhen that the new year is happy The new year is in 2025 Everyone has to try again I have to try again
(55:06~56:13) I didn't answer the question just now Wait I've already started to play other people's songs I'm wrong Wait I have to answer the question just now I'll answer it after this song is over The atmosphere is weird Wait I just... I'm coming I'm coming It's not Try Again I gave an advice It's not Try Again It's from the beginning I'm going crazy Ah I think I'm telling others that you should try again No I don't want to say Try Again
(56:13~57:13) Wow... Basically Try again, try again, Look at yesterday Try away, try away, As long as you believe Try again, try again, I just don't like the same side I'll answer the question to Wei I'm so annoyed, Wei wants to fight He said, do you want to show my professional plan? I told him, what do you think about the plan? Is writing a good paper? And then there are many, many pictures These are all some bonus projects, but not the most important You know, writing a plan, and you can pass
(57:13~58:15) Whether it's the boss's approval Or the government's application support Or anything, you know? You have three要項, you must write it very clearly The first thing is called KPI This KPI is called How do you measure this plan? What is the success standard after you do it? For example, the flow Or make a lot of money Or the positive influence How do you prove the positive influence? This KPI is a Everyone can understand, can measure And the most important thing is that the other person wants it You have to understand, that is to say The government may have about the same time About a thousand different support projects Can be applied There are many different projects Every content is supported It must have the most effective effect If you write it well, for example His goal is to improve the flow of Taiwan's music industry This ability Assuming this is the plan for this project But the KPI you wrote out is called I can have a very high flow Of course, high flow is a good thing Nothing bad, but this is not what he wants to see This is not a correct KPI So the first one is to set KPI You set it very accurately
(58:15~59:16) Set it to the main unit And this special plan The content you really want This is the first thing The second is to prove You can do this KPI Because you know KPI Your KPI setting is right But why do you think you can do it Do you have a way to prove yourself Is to be able to do this thing This is the content you have to show in the planning Okay, you have proven that KPI is right You also prove you can do it But why is it you? Because others may also be able to do it Why is it only you who is suitable to do this thing This third point Many people will forget There is nothing good Why is it you? Actually, the plan is not about How to write But to tell you You have to get to the point Today's request to help is this I'm not saying It's not about What's special about you and the government You can easily take it Maybe there is such a situation But really I know a lot of people All with their own strength
(59:16~60:19) To find a way to fight for these Am I saying so much? Do you believe? People who don't believe People who want to fight Do you want to fight me? I'm back now The song I just sang is called The Night We Met I'll answer the emotion I'll answer the question The question of the netizen The netizen wanted to ask The cat that is floating in the world He wanted to ask me Do I still love him? I'll tell you You may use some way of expression To understand For example, the message I sent him has become so cold I'll tell you Maybe it's just your soul You love him or not Can you still be with him? I think there is a very important key You think back The day you met him This song is called The Night We Met We met The night we met
(60:19~61:19) You think back When you met him Why do you like him? Does that like his reason Does it exist? For example, you think I speak a little bit You were very fierce And like him And now he is still fierce If you didn't run away, he is still If his reason is still If his reason has disappeared For example, he suddenly disappeared I don't know why Finally, he's gone OK Maybe it's just you don't love him If he's still there Is that you? You dig your heart Really feel That's the answer If the answer is sure Then you know Actually, this thing can't be forced You can only go forward Although it's a pity But life is like this Someone has the right to have someone That's it If you really think back You think you haven't changed You like his reason
(61:19~62:21) And still be there That's very likely to be simple What is it? You think life is too boring You want to pursue a little bit of excitement You say you like that A woman who is two years older than you You think he's cool But you also know that you don't know him much Maybe you just simply raised him You just keep on You don't know what you should do How to face this kind of psychological feeling You should think about it This question doesn't have any standard answer You have to think about it Find the truth of the answer I can't give you So when you get back You know his night Think about it That would mess I don't know what I'm supposed to do Haunting by the ghost of you Take me back
(62:21~63:21) To the night would mess Ok Ok We're back I'm... You know, I saw the viewers talking about AI a few days ago I really went crazy You think this is really absurd I'm just saying Actually I'm in... Maybe two weeks ago I saw a lot of friends Discussing a lot About some topics about Deep Seek But I've never thought about participating in this topic I didn't send any article And I said I think I've never thought about How deep seek is good Or not I don't want to talk about this topic Because I know Although I read a lot of articles I've studied a lot of content But in fact I'm not a professional in this field So I've sent any comments It's actually quite ridiculous Why don't you let... Many people have already said it If I really... I can't help but find out
(63:21~64:21) There's a person who's really good at talking I want you to know Share your thoughts I'll share it Why do I have to write it myself I don't need to go to this topic But I didn't expect There's someone who will start a live stream And it's obvious I don't know what to say And then I have to talk about deep seek Deep seek is great And then He doesn't even know how to read Deep seek's English He's not good at reading He's not good at pronunciation You'll have a thought in your mind Oh my god Even people like this Are trying to talk in this field I'm really thinking I'm really stupid And then I saw this afternoon There's actually a netizen Anyway, it's a big news I think this thing He has a lot of people I really want to talk about this Deep seek is a very simple topic But I don't believe it Whether it's blue or white There are some extreme Extreme Extreme extreme extreme They can't help Trying to use a political way to interpret For example, I will see some people They want to talk about this This deep seek is actually The work of the Chinese government So they have a long-term job in China And then Some of the coins of this work So this thing must be This thing must not be so good
(64:21~65:21) On the other side Of course, I will talk about deep seek Super great What are you talking about But I think both of these I think it's super stupid It's actually very obvious When they discuss this matter There are shortcomings The actual basis of enough It's all about The big self The intuition Even not a person who has passed the brain After thinking about it Maybe use extreme extreme Even use the old second-level Just got these answers There's no logic at all Then you hear them talk You really think you want to vomit And you will hear the other side Tell me if you think this thing is bad Do you think this How about China Actually, I don't know Deep seek is what happened And then on the other side He said that China is obviously good I don't understand Help the Chinese government Talk about that China's thing is great Where is the meaning Do you have any benefits in life Then China is great So are you great No, it's not great In fact, it's just hope Just look at the other side Just angry So I think it's really stupid I think we'll take a look I think I don't want to talk too much about details Because I think the engineering The technology part Actually, I can say something Really very I'm not a expert
(65:21~66:21) But let's look at a few I think everyone can easily understand the facts The first one is This thing Deep seek Deep seek is actually the previous model Called v3 The latest version is called R1 I don't think there's that much attention When you see R1 When you say it It's a real mess Everyone in the world is discussing it Then I think it will lead to two problems The first one is This is a model that is more superior Than other people's intelligence model The second problem is Is China really in the process Because in the past half a year China has been in this AI This industry competition Always in a situation of falling Especially with the relationship of chip-in So everyone will think This industry has been limited for a long time Many people will think China in this field Is finally not up to the level We can see that Like Baidu The first time he launched The AI model When you look at it Many people say That's not AI It's AI Because it's obvious Some people are suspicious Maybe it's just a public figure Just answer directly So in fact It's not really made What product It's made
(66:21~67:21) It looks like there's a thing But it's not that kind of thing Later on, spring water came out Many Chinese works It's obvious that it's from This is through the West This This AI model Learn or even I don't think learning Maybe there's a little bit A word that has a meaning Because it has a name here It's called Distillation It's just that I passed I passed AI model in foreign countries It's already trained Then try to get the content I need from this This is probably not a good explanation But it's probably a little bit like this Because I see A voice with a voice It's very interesting It's the one who draws two fishing One fishing is fishing in the pond And that pond Is the real All the information in this world The other person It's Then he put the fishing Put it in his own Small water tank Then Another fishing person Is fishing for the small water tank So he's not fishing in that pond
(67:21~68:21) He's fishing in that small water tank This is what he's talking about The previous artificial intelligence model in China The way to get the West model Okay, I think this thing I think we'll talk about a few basic facts first I think basically Although everyone may have their own opinions There are some differences Everyone's comments This method is a little different But I think the western few I think more important experts Basically agree That is to say This thing is indeed A very good product No matter if he thinks It's good for the West at the moment Because there are indeed Some of the current tests I think his performance is better than Many western artificial intelligence models Is better than Or think Some may think he's better Some may think he's the same Some people think he's a little behind But he's chasing after But no matter which type of comment Basically agree This time it's a very long-term progress Even not just that He got a good result in the test Many people think he's got Very important results In addition to the fact that he uses relatively less algorithm To achieve such results now
(68:21~69:22) So indeed There is a very breakthrough Development on cost In fact, some people will talk about it there So those past The past gold chips To the western policy of China Is there finally a break Many people have some political discussions But I think this is too complicated Our problem is that we are not talking about it There are a few I think many people are discussing this later The dispute often occurs The first is cost Because they have said in the beginning Oh, we spend more than $500 million Then do this thing But some people are arguing that Is this $500 million possible Or is this thing It's just talking about R1's cost In fact, R1 may have developed From V3 In fact, the money spent is absolutely not only for this So this $500 million is basically nonsense Is bullshit I don't think I'll discuss this first I think this thing is actually not very important Some people say It's actually because According to the policy of the economy In fact, China cannot use The higher-end GPU's gold For example, let's say Let's talk about the so-called H100
(69:22~70:22) But someone reported that In fact, he still used a lot of H100 Maybe in a In the case of violation of the rules of the economy Someone made such a report But because there is no real evidence So I don't think it's really too important I don't think these things need to be discussed There is another argument Many people are talking about it Super this thing But is super this thing important or not? Super is the concept of the argument I just mentioned Must talk about one thing That is DeepSig's technology Is from the entire human rights community Because in the human rights field There is so-called exclusive model The exclusive model is like OpenAI OpenAI This company What he developed How did he do it What does the city code look like He didn't reveal it to everyone He has a lot of The key technical details He kept it here But there are people For example, like Meta Meta they took it Maybe it's more open It's a more open attitude They are using the way of opening To develop this artificial intelligence Our awareness is DeepSig may have used
(70:22~71:22) Some results of the original open community But at the same time He may also have some Some closed products For example, like OpenAI He may have some information about it So it's true Everyone will think Wow, he's doing this thing There should be some rules This rule is not a law Not that the United States Or any country has to define this law It actually refers to OpenAI This company has a user agreement Maybe when you use a product There will be a long document And then everyone has no read Directly press the hook That thing The user agreement actually has mentioned That he can't use their tools To train other artificial intelligence So it's like this thing There may be a violation of the rules The behavior is probably like this Sorry, my computer is a little strange But if you ask me In fact, I don't think this is important I think it's important One big key Yang Li-kun, the chief engineer of Meta The engineer of artificial intelligence He said this He said many people When looking at this thing They all think this is
(71:22~72:22) The victory between the country and the country For example, the United States won Or China won But for him This is not a national problem This is an open source For the victory of the closed model Because what does this mean Because in the open source world Everyone has to share Research results So everyone can stand on each other's shoulders Continue to develop Then get better results So he thinks In this thing Deepseek can get such a month's results today And this result is the same Because under the premise of open source community You use other people's things I also want to open my things to everyone So Deepseek is also a project for open source Whether it's the city Or some of his related technical documents Basically all of them are open to everyone For self-use So he thinks this thing In the end It's the closed and open city model Open this community Open source community A success of the open source community He thinks it's like this I think this is actually very reasonable That is to say that Deepseek today Actually no matter what He is now A bunch of different kinds of evidence
(72:22~73:22) You said his cost may be a lie He may have used about 100 gold This thing is very important I think this thing is not important at all The important thing is Deepseek's success I think it's basically In the 40s he talked about He has already succeeded He did very well He came from a Chinese team This is a real thing He did something right And let this world be a positive This is very good But this result also provides everyone Some people will laugh at him there Oh, look, he has some What to say in Chinese It's a closed Maybe he has over-reliant Some may have There are doubts For example, you say Xi Jinping The problem with the iron roof is not going to be handled But is this important Because this thing is open source What does this mean You can immediately On your own system You just have enough power You can be in your own house Then you can get rid of your own Deepseek model You can talk to him You can train him yourself You can do everything you want to do What's the difference What does this mean You actually all these All the over-reliant means All come from China's policy
(73:22~74:22) But you don't You haven't received the impact of China's policy Deepseek's success Is a technology success shared by the world So this thing is basically The government of the country It has nothing to do with it This means that if today Taiwan also thinks that The public's wisdom is very important One thing No matter if we want to Have to develop our own model Or just say I'm just a user I need this thing Taiwanese can all be benefited from This thing is actually very good This is a very fair thing So I'm all about Solving this thing on political For example, I think he's very successful So do the American loss China won We are also part of the Chinese We are all together I think you are super stupid before No one is with you It's great, okay This is a team A very experienced result This is with these people You feel great together there You are not that What kind of result did you really do But if he's really great His great result It's what everyone thought So you don't have to think This thing What's wrong with the Chinese government
(74:22~75:22) I think this is really No need to discuss This is not necessary for this world But I think I saw some people on the Internet He actually I don't know if this thing Is really Someone did this conversation Or is it Is it Actually it's a picture It's a picture It's a bit of a human being I don't know But it looks pretty funny Anyway, simply There is someone Just this Check GPT Between DeepSick Then quarrel Then argue Then they just let them quarrel I think it's actually funny Is the content of their quarrel DeepSick I don't know if this is true or not But actually the quarrel is funny Share it to everyone DeepSick said I'm going to beat you up Zhang Ke is his mother Tao Ke Tao Ke is just to say Because many people say DeepSick is from outside Someone said it was a super learning
(75:22~76:22) Magic or true Whatever So because there was a situation before Someone asked Chinese artificial intelligence model Who are you He just answered Check GPT So it's obvious that he must have Got some information from him So he has this wrong He thinks he is a check GPT But he is not So he only talks about Tao Ke He said Zhang Ke is his mother Tao Ke, right? You just let it go Or let the donkey get it DeepSick team Out of 20 When the dog's head is developed You a keyboard understand Still use check GPT How to get Yang Wei The old code The model of eight GPUs When you open your mouth It becomes a second hand Do you know Transformer and transform Gold steel Can you read the paper Can you buy it Can you buy it Go home and dig the duck Brush the stick Brush you out The inside is high tide Is to force the old man Put your mother's bone back API interface Show you a digital life chart
(76:22~77:23) I don't know if this is true Anyway, this is this This is a little too human So I'm a little suspicious But this is what I said He put this word Wei to check GPT Then you give him a precise word The check GPT will answer Your R1 Even if you are not sure Check GPT Can't figure it out And my face is talking to me Transformer Then Then There is another sentence Even if you are not sure Even if you are not sure I want to rewrite AI format I want to say check GPT Check GPT It's really It's too powerful It's a little fierce Then I don't know if I should explain There are more experts here I shouldn't be here But He mentioned Transformer Not transformation He is actually a kind of Crazy network structure Anyway, it's kind of AI That's about it Then I saw another one He asked check GPT Can you have a sentence The summary of DeepSick That Check GPT That check GPT DeepSick is worth paying attention to The publicity is first How to verify the power
(77:23~78:23) How to verify the market Then the user will answer You said it's so warm Check GPT If you want to make it more detailed Then I will write DeepSick is full of power Power is determined But don't let the publicity run faster than technology The user will say Can you use a simple word to beat him What do you say He said the more powerful The mouth is still sealed He is talking about this DeepSick When he is talking about sensitive topics He will be unable to respond Like what Xi Jinping said He can't answer It's funny Check GPT He said The more powerful the mouth is Still sealed This is a sentence he gave to him This is a kind of Wow, artificial intelligence Really strong I don't know if it's true Is it true Anyway, I think it's funny Anyway, I think it's about AI I don't want to talk about details I will talk about two industry people What are they doing now One is today's news
(78:23~79:23) That is, Microsoft just announced This will make you think Their intelligence is really You know, the advanced travel The action is really fast They put DeepSick R1 This model Up to their cloud platform Then provide their developers That is to say Today, there are so many Weibo discussions What super-computing Because it's true OpenAI now It seems to have said To take some legal action on it That About OpenAI To take legal action on it Actually, I just saw the rule today It's the rule of law It's actually a good thing He actually has a sentence I think it's actually pretty good He said OpenAI Actually, there is a There is a command That is to say He has Just in the case that Didn't get someone's consent It raised a lot On other people's websites Or say Or say Or say Or even Google The various information on the search engine To train its model But these things Are not under the same premise as others So at that time I was controlled by people This thing
(79:23~80:24) At that time This is the answer to this OpenAI I thought this was This is the progress of this In order to do the technology Then the contribution of the information The Tianjin land If you talk about some official interview So four or two thousand gold One of them is this thing It has nothing to do with me The artificial intelligence will grow Just do these things These information are all public I can use it What to say A little bit like this As a result When others mention When the training results of OpenAI He started to think How can you use my thing He thought about it This Yang Guizi said Is this a little bit of attitude A little bit different from the beginning I think this I saw later Let me think about it It's DeepSeek's official He has a response to this thing He thinks that The results of the technology Is standing on the巨人's shoulder Everyone helps each other Then pursue a higher result So he will think that OpenAI This kind of control of him It's too small But after all DeepSeek itself is on this thing The contract of users who violate it At this time Said that people are small
(80:24~81:24) Actually I don't think there is Not necessarily standing still But indeed I think OpenAI Small things like this It's also possible I'm not wrong Because after all The data is mentioned Then the progress of the technology This is originally I think it's a pretty positive thing This is also OpenAI The reason why it's called Open But later because of all the reasons He is not open at the end And he is not open The original big shareholders Is Elon Musk Very complain I think he did it very bad So because of this So Elon Musk I made another artificial intelligence Language model Is GROG GROK If you have subscribed X.com That's his previous Twitter His professional service Can be used directly His GROG GROK Probably like this Anyway, the central knowledge Is that they are now here to fight But Whether these real noisy things But now it's just Just put it on his platform Say that All right, now the world Can be used on my developer platform Cloud development platform
(81:24~82:25) DeepSeq R1 Many people will ask a question Because the stock price of the Huda stock Is recently a big deal I don't want to say it's a professional But the central knowledge I think everyone will start to worry That is to say Wow, because after all The necessary algorithm is reduced The positive side of the situation is lost So the Huda It's not that important Then the stock price can't be bought Can't be bought So he's going to explode Intel's former executive director Gelsinger I'm not sure if there's a problem GELSINGER He actually had a public statement before He was at the Huda stock price When he broke the deal He bought some of it This is the former Intel executive director His investment suggestion I'm not talking about investment suggestions He said he did this investment I did this What do you think I don't think this is Any advice for anyone The stock name I can only say My current observation is this Actually, DeepSeq is I think I have some
(82:25~83:25) Maybe more understanding of Technology industry And then I often do investment Investment For the investment industry The people who are more interested The stock market is thought to be This is not a long-term The air-conditioning news So they are not particularly worried But everyone is so independent I think it's just easy I think it's good here I want to share a new record Right I want to share a I saw later I think in this whole series I personally think the most interesting content The most interesting content is DeepSeq's founder Mr. Liang He was in July of 2024 When he received the interview Some of his content was restored DeepSeq did not come out yet No one in the world knows this company No one knows this founder So at that time What he said I think it's all about the heart of the development I think this is actually quite interesting He said we are not going to do DeepSeq AI It's the AI of the public
(83:25~84:26) AI It's in English Artificial General Intelligence But I don't want to explain its definition That's it The former is just the latter The path of the background AGI will be implemented in our youth Any AI company Within the short term There is no technical advantage of pressing the opponent Because there is an open AI path It's all based on public language and code The big market and industry companies Will make their own language model In the face of the typical technology The core of the original form is short-term Even if the open AI is original Can't stop others from copying We all stop the value on the team Our colleagues are growing in this process Many know-how Forms can create new organizations and culture This is our mutual understanding We will not be silent We think there is a strong technical ecology More important The current stage is the explosion of technical innovation Not the explosion of application The large model application The threshold will be lower The creative company will have a chance At any time in the future Many years have passed Many Chinese companies
(84:26~85:27) Are used to being a technical innovation Take it to do application changes Wait for the model definition to be like this Lie at home for 18 months Will come out better hardware and software Our starting point is not a result of a professional But the potential of technology To promote the entire ecological development China has to gradually become a common denominator Not always a big car There are still a lot of it It's very long I think you can share it and take a look I think this is They are the founder of DeepSick He was in the interview last year I think because of that time He is not red DeepSick did not succeed So what he said I think you can treat it as a waste of words Because after success now There are so many arguments Someone said he was going to sue him Under the overall situation He said it may have been through the package So what he said at this time I think it's all right Maybe you have to take a little discount Not necessarily the content But in July last year These words are all true And from these truths You can see it I think it's actually a really far-fetched And I think his heart His heart is not only put in China
(85:27~86:27) But it's put on the whole technological growth Of course I think his heart Is there any part After all, as a Chinese Is there any more Chinese point of view I think this is a reasonable thing But at least I think In terms of the whole thing I think his whole attitude I think it's Make people feel very compatible He is a real founder And then it's I think anyone If you want to try to create Then I'm interested in technology I think his talk I think it's all very worth A very worth reference A piece of information I'm going to share it with you Just tell everyone I think this article I think you can search it After watching it You will feel that Wow, a person can do something great It's not easy It's special Okay, that's it That's it I just don't think Don't make stupid discussions Just keep discussing it That is to say This thing is super bad The cost is a lie Or say China is great The United States lost I think these are all very stupid I think if you are really interested in this issue Go to collect more related information Then learn some things For you, it's really meaningful
(86:27~87:27) If you are a little bit more realistic Get some investment from it Some inspiration I think it's more meaningful than Playing the mouth here It's meaningful This is what I want to share with you Okay, that's it I'm a bad man I'm with my people And we I'm going to continue to fight inside the country I'm still young But I'm getting little jaded 25 years and I went through some phases Longer I live I know I gotta face it But question in the system Who the fuck made this? Most of my pain I put it on the beat I am pushed about them But the pain is on repeat It's heavy in my mind Hell I beat But I am vago beat Oh and I don't let it be So many buts But people say yes So many questions But people never guess So many love
(87:27~88:28) But it never feels warm Since when everybody sees Valor in the norm And I don't give a fuck If I am mature My people told me to speak from the core And this hip-hop told me to aim for more My shit is way fucking real Than yours, come on I hold that mic to speak my mind I chose the rhyme to repeat Your life Express your self Or waste your time Living in your bubble And you got nothing inside I hold that mic to speak my mind I chose that rhyme to repeat Your life Express your self Or waste your time Living in your bubble I just thought this was a joke This is not myself For my future for the past For the future for the future For the future for the past For the future for the past For the future for the past Won't you tell me Won't you tell me Won't you tell me
(88:28~89:28) I think Dan, the netizen who is talking about this is very good. The important thing is that you can think about what you can do now. I am already 50 years old. I don't rely on AI to turn back. But I have read so much information. I want to try to understand what happened. So I asked, what are you thinking about? I really don't understand. I am a long-term senior. I started to follow the EP 10.
(89:28~90:28) I have been in the membership for 5 years. I usually listen to the live broadcasts. I want to thank the live broadcast company for the past years. I want to ask for a song to promote. I have received a lot of love and support from high school. I am happy to know that I can do it. But I am still emotional. I have been in high school for more than 7 years. The youth is all here. I recommend this song to you. Don't be a fan of Douyin. Thank you. This is my recommendation to you. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude.
(90:28~91:31) The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The mature attitude. The cocoon is produced by Experience Cypher Made in USA.
(91:31~92:31) The CMOS andrift are patreon你有限制裁剪輯 Hmm... That's it. But I don't think it's completely okay. Let me tell you. Next time I want to show you guys. I don't usually wear it, not because I think it's not good. It's because I think I wear my own side hat. It's written on it. I think... I don't think others can do this. But I personally do this. I personally have this kind of... Hmm... Is it a little bit too self-training? I don't know. Do you feel like that? Because if it's written on it, For example, What is the company's 65535? Or the company's label. I feel like it's okay to use the SFW. I feel like it's okay to use the SFW. But writing a melon, I feel like... Wow, I wrote my own name on it. It's... It's... It's embarrassing. Okay, that's it. Next is, Not enough to love your own Y. It's a... The content of the headline. We have two more. Two-fold of this... The headline of the meeting. Dear melon, hello. I've been listening to your show and your story. With my ex-lover,
(92:31~93:33) A little melon. Although I don't have any melon by my side. I always listen to your voice alone. And I laugh and cry. I've heard a lot of secrets. Today, I'm also brave enough to tell my secrets. I want to say goodbye to this sad feeling. The July 7th, 2024. July 7th is the day I completely fall asleep. I can't sleep every day. So I decided to write down the story. The story is very long and very difficult to read. Thank you for the melon-like, The sound of the melon opening. Thank you for willing to listen. I'm just saying it's Y. This is the story of my colleague P. We've known each other for 12 years. He is a handsome guy. He has the ability and the ability to lead people. He is polite and interesting. If he is a boy, he is definitely a genius. When we just entered the workplace, We didn't talk about it. P has a girl who has been with him for nearly 10 years. H. P's parents are very conservative. But P is very filial. So of course, he doesn't know his feelings. I heard that he and his girlfriend are very close. I told him to say it. You should talk to him. Don't drag others along. Although I really want to be with him. But I didn't expect that I would meet a girl who is also a girl with P. Until one day,
(93:33~94:33) P lives in the same room downstairs. He spends time with me in the afternoon. I instantly feel the pressure. I feel clear. This is H. Sorry, this is the ID in it. This is very complicated. Anyway, H is a girlfriend of P. A real girlfriend. P has another person with P. The main character is Y. When Y is discovered, Y is discovered by P. P is a girlfriend of P. P's girlfriend is caught first. I can understand it more easily. Oh my god. H is a character. P immediately goes back to the ball. I would break up with No. 31. There is a text here. No. 31. After this, I choose to keep distance with him. After a while, I slowly walk out. P said, No matter what, I am his most important person. We have a more or less relationship. This is the second year we know each other. There is another colleague in the third year. He talked a lot. He is always in the office talking about new things.
(94:33~95:35) But P always said that he is the one who talks about the girl. I think it's a good colleague to talk to him. I don't feel him. Because P said that as long as he wants it, he can't get it. Because of some things, I think he has become No. 32. This is the person who often talks to him. After these, I think I should break up with him. I should talk to him about anything related to love. But we get along every day. I treat P as a very important family member. I share my feelings. P always said, Why are you so cold? But friends also said that I have changed a lot. Because my heart is like a corner being caught. I can't open my chest and my friends interact. Until the fourth year, P and his girlfriend H. Yes, H is still there. And when H's family sings, they ask me to go together. So we go to KTV directly after work. H said they would come later. H drank a little beer first. When I sang until half the time, H suddenly approached me. Then he asked me to kiss him. I want to emphasize that H is a girl. The main character Y should be a girl. H is P's girlfriend. The girl really wants to kiss this girl.
(95:35~96:36) But at that time, I was so heartbroken. I was so confused. But I also admit it. Wait a minute. I think he wrote wrong here. I think it was P. Because the rest of the story is all messed up. Wait a minute. I want to rewrite. I want to rewrite. This is the beginning. Because he must have written wrong. H said they would come later. So H is not here yet. The girlfriend is not here yet. P drank a little beer first. I sang. I just read it wrong. He wrote like this. But I think he wrote wrong. When I sang until half the time, P suddenly approached me to kiss me. But I was so heartbroken. I was so heartbroken. But I admit it. I thought P might want to find a excuse. I won't be careful. It's like H came once. I was so heartbroken. I regret what happened just now. So I borrowed the opportunity to leave. H sent me downstairs. But he knew what he was doing. P sent me downstairs. I think it was P. P sent me downstairs. He was already confused. Oh my god. My god. He said he knew what he was doing. But I was so heartbroken. I said it's okay. Don't think too much. I tried. I was so heartbroken. P came to me again. I said a bunch of other people's sad words. And then T's secret.
(96:36~97:38) Let me officially become No. 33. This is the fourth year we met. It's also the beginning of my mistake. P said he tried to break up with H. But because we were together for too long. We couldn't sing easily. H couldn't be easily separated. Family situation was complicated. So parents were separated. So it was hard for him to let go of H. So we decided to break up. But we were in the company every day. We were in a close relationship. We were in a relationship. We were in a relationship. But he didn't go to work. He didn't have dinner with me. He couldn't have a holiday with me. In the fifth year, H sent me a text message. He saw our conversation. P told me that he liked H. He said he liked me. But he didn't show his secret. He wanted to break up with H. But H didn't want to let go of him. He sent me a message. He asked me how I could do this. Where did I go? Of course I was lying. I wanted to tell H that P has no feelings for him. Don't waste time for such people. But H said he couldn't leave him. But he didn't show up. I don't know how long it's been. To avoid H's investigation.
(97:38~98:38) He called me half a year ago. I still treated him as a treasure. He said he was working hard every time. We were waiting for him. We had the same goal. So I was obedient. I didn't want to be like H. I didn't give him pressure. He would be better off. I wouldn't contact him. I wouldn't ask him to stay with me. Even if he asked me to go out for a few days. I would go out for a few days. I would go home at night. But I wouldn't ask him. I wouldn't accept his answer. I was not tied up for the past few years. I was in a serious life. I went to the band, watched TV shows, and went on a trip. I went there myself. I was always refused by Wenrou. I went to Europe for a month. We were in a hot spot. But I was in Europe for two weeks. Then I started to get anxious. P suddenly disappeared. He blocked me. But H kept calling me. I didn't want to answer. It was a joke. I don't remember the details. I only remember the rest of the trip. I was always in tears. I felt sorry for my trip. These days, H seemed to be breaking up.
(98:38~99:39) He couldn't get through it. I often tell myself that I should stop for these things. But he appeared to apologize to me on the day of the trip. He said he would be back. Someone asked about our relationship. He said he would never delay my trip. Until last year, I and P took on a new job. As a member of the next office, we had less time to work together. We would eat lunch together. I would come to my room to warm up. He would call me back to my hometown. He would invite me to his place. He would sign the contract. But I was so happy. Until a few months ago, I felt he was not caring about me. Every time I talked to him, I would talk to him. But it ended. He would always tell me to get off work, ride a bike, go home, smoke and so on. I had no other choice. I left the office. I thought H would be back. So I closed my heart. Until a few days ago, I was out for work for three days and two nights. I would talk to him. He would send me a letter of love. I even saw him and others' messages.
(99:39~100:39) He and H would not be so happy. I didn't expect this. I would cry at night. He would sleep on the bed. He would say nothing. I would walk with my colleagues on the next day. I would think of tears. I would hide in front of my colleagues. I felt that it was the last time. I would touch his face. I would say, I know what you want to ask. You say it. I would say, I ask if we are done. He would nod. Have you arranged your feelings for me? He would nod. Have you not liked me? He would nod. I would cry. I would cry. You didn't say it. You could tell me your feelings. Why didn't you say it? Why did you hide? I would say, I was afraid you would get hurt. I would tell four people and then I would guess his heart. I would also see his phone. I would not think of it. I would say, he would do everything on purpose. He would not tell the truth. I would also tell him his heart. It was not because of his heart. I would say, he has been with him for 20 years. He didn't want to do that.
(100:39~101:39) I would say, my world is filled with lies. What am I? I almost can't breathe. I would say, it was his job. He would say, I would leave. I would leave. I would leave. This pain is my retribution. It was a mistake at first. Now he is the leader of the show. He is polite and polite. He is a strong man. I think he is always a negative. He is always on the side. After all, our relationship is a mystery. I also act well. No.3 No.1 and No.2 are all about the situation. After the incident, no one would say it is not him. Maybe his work is too good. I also want to leave. But if I leave like this, would I really be good to him? Should I stay and work? Or should I leave with a grudge? This story is so long and so boring. It must be cursed. It is too long. Many things are not clear. The only clear thing is that it is always a waste of time and comfort. If you have heard this story, please rest assured. No.3 must have a retribution. But with the same master. Damn. You all give me a big change. No matter whether the level is over, at least you become my speed.
(101:39~102:50) Now I want to put my strength on the 8-year-old and the 8-year-old. I hope H is also there. This story, I can't give any evaluation. I think I only have one idea. I want to respond. Why? Is it because the main character is Y? Did you all forget? Because this story is really long and has many generations. So it's really complicated. Don't leave with this mouth. Because you don't owe anyone. Actually, it's not that. But to be honest, that person is not a fart. And not that company. So if you want to leave, you should make this choice. Why not in everyone's mind think it's the guy who works for the show? Of course, if you think it's for your psychological health or health, you want to change a better environment, I don't think it's possible. But if you like this work place, don't let it go.
(102:50~103:50) Thank you.
(103:50~104:51) Thank you. No, I want to play these games. Nothing is for sure. I'm glad that you go. All things must change and remain.
(104:51~105:51) And remain. The song we just played is called Pants. It's painful. Okay, in the end, I think there's a story that's quite special. I want to share it with you. This is a netizen called Dino. He said he wanted to share a story. He said when he was in high school, I was reading a story that I read in a book. I was reading a story that I read in a book. I was reading a story that I read in a book. I was reading a story that I read in a book. I was reading a school in the back of the middle school.
(105:51~106:51) Most of the teachers are middle school students. The management also has a group of middle school students. They've known each other for more than ten years. They've been in the office since they became teachers. It's a school that's extremely professional. The place where they're professional is very easy to be misguided. The professional is the one who keeps many things that are not suitable for them. But it's okay. They have to come. They don't want to be the teacher's teacher. They eat at the same time. They teach the local teachers and so on. Even though it's a school, it's not good to study in the middle school. But it's still good to be a student. Maybe it's better than the average school. So the students who come in are all the children who are in the middle school. They rely on the equivalent of the capital and the knowledge that corresponds to it. The students who are educated have a demand for achievement. Because of this, those who don't like to study and don't have a good achievement will become the foundation of the school. The main character of this story is a person like this. I call him Rocker. Not him. Not the one who wrote this story. It's the person he wants to write. His name is Rocker. Rocker. Rocker. Rocker. Rocker is bigger than two schools. The little ones.
(106:51~107:51) The same school is seen by everyone. The different schools are all known by the law. Rocker is usually the one who's busy at school. The crazy one is the school's question character. He's in the second class and the school's bullies. He always carries a group of hooligans and go-to-school. The bad-boss who are in charge of the school will have a chance to promote the two sentences. I don't have a lot of exchanges with Rocker. The only thing that he's in a relationship with is the school's school and the school's school. This is where the story begins. Rocker always follows his hooligans and go-to-school and sits behind the school. He talks about evil things. He has a sister. He's older than me. He's the only student who's over the age of a school. He and Rocker are in the same school. They're in the same school. They're all in the same school. Other students are in the same school. They're not in the same school. The school's teacher is the culture of this school. This is the school's cover. All human things are connected. They're good and bad-boss. They're sacred and not-sacred. They're sweet dogs.
(107:51~108:51) They're a religious group. One day, they decide to leave the students in the school to the school. And they decide to change one student in a few days. Rocker may be curious how I know they're in the school. I'm not sure. I just watch the students in the school being bullied one by one. They surround the target and say something. When the target is down, they'll make a scene and make a sound. I can't see their subordinates. I don't see them. I don't hear them. I'm in the front. I'm scared. But I don't think it's possible to make a sound. I've always known Rocker is not good at school. He's been treated as a true student. To students, being treated as a serious thing. And even more, the students who are wrong sometimes act like a person. How to explain the rules in a vague way and to punish them with the most severe punishment. I don't know how to understand this. But I think what he said in this part is quite accurate. It's a very pure evil intent. He talks about the teachers or the teachers or the teachers
(108:51~109:51) or the teachers or the teachers who are just like them. They may have some very vague and personal explanations for the school rules. Through these explanations, they give you the biggest punishment. These punishments are not clear-cut rules. It's all their own decision. It's their own decision. So you can know that they have some bad intentions. They are very personal. They are just against you or they are their own inner self. It has nothing to do with justice. There is even a kind of psycho-powerful practitioner who is satisfied with the students who are at a lower price. But students can't escape. Students are the least educated in the school. Most of the situations are the school's parents who are not able to control their own children. I know that Rocker may face this every day. A teacher or a power-powerful practitioner who is used to play with the school rules and is the most harsh and harsh punishment that he has been given. But I didn't expect that his face is combined with the devil. I remember Rocker smiling at others. His expression is the same as the psycho
(109:51~110:52) sitting at the school office. It's a very satisfying smile. He is not only smiling. He even finished a half-month of his smile under his eyebrows. His eyes are like the victim. The victim got off the car. He was looking at the seat he was leaving. Then he followed the group to the back. I was unable to remember this scene. It may have been the devil's way. The goal of the 80s slowly came to an end. One day my partner became my classmate. He was my normal friend. I said he would be A. He was a very peace and quiet person. He was a nice person. We knew each other because of his activities. The little The most satisfying goal. Badling is like a counterattack. After all, this kind of person is the school's favorite. He's a good student, and he won't be born. If there's no accident, he'll be a good guy and become a talented person. Rocker is like a group of people. Hey, what's your name? You even asked his name.
(110:52~111:53) Didn't you see his earphone? He doesn't want to hear you talk. You don't want to hear the school teacher talk. Hey, school brother. After talking, one of the group of people put his hand on the face of A. A pretended not to know, and kept wearing the earphone. Pretend to be listening to music. But his spirit is completely invisible. That's a tense expression of the home. His sight is below. The bag on his thigh is locked. His lips are tightly closed. Both of his lips are down. His teeth are stuck. The sweat has already lost the breath of his school uniform. But he can't escape. The exit has been blocked by a group of people. And the hand on the face of this mountain is not stopped. Hey, makeup. The school teacher wants to ask you how many times you will answer. Tell me your name. Is it hard for him? The face of A has been red. But he still doesn't answer. The earphone is his last protective umbrella. The white earphone line is a little bit shaking with one hand. Finally, the earphone was pulled down by the bullet. What's your name, school teacher? A special hand on the face of A. A's head. He forgot about me.
(111:53~112:54) His sight has passed the crowd. Passed the group of dogs. Passed the rocker. His eyes are wide open. But he didn't leave tears. He may know that the moment he saw the tears fall, it was the victory of the Balaing people. Rocker just wanted to see him collapse. The last collapse. That was the scene of the big blind collapse. The dream of Jesus dying. The神 of the heaven and earth being destroyed. And I calmly watched him. Pretending to be a part of the group of dogs. I even sent out a little bit of very weak laughter. I can't even hear it. I'm not sure if anyone heard it. But I just want to laugh at the closest earphone next to me. If so, I won't be Balaing, right? I shouldn't have. Yes, until the end, I wasn't even Balaing on the bus. The opponent of Balaing stopped at the end of the row. The group of rockers was in a bad mood. I heard that the three-eighth person was severely punished. But Rocker escaped the attack. He was fine. But he didn't get on the bus. I don't know what happened. But the bus was gone. Suddenly, the driver was in a panic. The bus was divided into the two parts of the group. The first half of the group was the last part of the group.
(112:54~113:55) Since then, I've never had any interaction with Rocker. His sister has also become a low-key person. Rocker was sent by the school to the school to fight for his rights. The teachers of the evil class. How to abuse Rocker? The unsealed punishments. Everything that happened in the office. The teachers of the psycho girl. They won't leave any evidence. But Rocker was a bad teacher. All the people in the school bus were witnesses. But no one was to expose him. After all, Balaing's people died. The people who were watching next to him were all the same. Just like me. The last time I saw Rocker was today. He became a member of a band. This is also why I call him Rocker. The band's songs are very good. There are several songs on YouTube that have good music. I even saw him perform on the stage of the music. He was very handsome and handsome. He changed. In the end, he didn't look like the evil. The lyrics are about some love. Full of the smell of youth and harmony. The smell of revenge and revenge.
(113:55~114:59) The smell of revenge and revenge. I saw him. I thought he was a story of the story of the Mushi Balaing. I thought of the people who were in the bus. I thought I didn't stop. I thought he continued to succeed. But thousands of people were hurt by him. They watched me. A watched me. I only wanted to leave. Before he got off the bus. He didn't mention his name. In fact, I can't escape my inner responsibility. I was in the life of the school. I was on the Balaing investigation report. I named Rocker and A. This is my last courage. The teacher called me. Is this true? Yes. The teacher silent for a long time. He may choose a most safe word. Think about it. He will never be implicated in the word. OK. I will deal with this. You first paint the name of this investigation report. I was shocked by him. But I couldn't be found by him. I must be a accomplice. The teacher liked me. I wrote a good article. I was happy by the teacher.
(114:59~116:04) I saw how miserable the teacher was being bullied by the people who were released. I saw someone was patted on the table. Now they are alive. Some people may not be alive now. They have been living in the world for a lifetime. They lost their ability to communicate with friends. They are living alone. So I named the investigation report. I didn't find a source to describe the act of bullying. I was bullied by the teacher. My family and parents were not stable. I saw a article on the thread. The teacher said that the family was very bad. Because no one who is happy will say the word of the family. All the people who say the word of the family are very bad. This sentence makes sense. One word of the family is right. Because I don't say the word of the family. Because even if I have any complaints against my parents,
(116:04~117:05) I will not use these words to describe my family. Both have a depression. The last two years before leaving school, they were like a wind. One was angry and the other was depressed. One became a terrible control. I checked the red bucket of the toilet every day. I checked every post. I cleaned up the room and looked at my room. I put new things I have never seen. I put the right key when I went home. I am the only one who is emotional. I am a sensitive person. I am a sensitive person. I understand. I can see that they say I am a very warm person. They say something bad about me. They say I am a better person. I am the one who is always pushed into the dark room. I seem to be a bad person. I was depressed and depressed. I was a sweet target when I left school. I knew this. I have seen A. But I have no strength to resist. I seem to have been separated from myself. I am looking at others' body. But I don't think others are looking at me. My face is always smiling. I even make myself look better. I pretend to be bullied more. I make more effects.
(117:05~118:06) I make others laugh more happily. I see others looking at me. I think that is love. Until no one laughs. I completely despair. Finally, I read my own book. In a book called, In a book called, In a book called, In a book called, In a book called, I am not afraid of the school. Even if I finished the exam, I still have a blank in my mind. I don't think I am the one who is alive. But I still try my best. I am a person who can still make others happy. At the last time, When my mother held my arm, She put her face on my front. You are a person who doesn't like to change. When I went to university, I read the book. Life is like this. I was thrown into a school outside the wilderness. Then I was killed by myself. Finally, I was released. Rocker, Those who looked at me were laughing at me. A. Tears are falling. That psycho girl is evil. That silent laughing car All appeared in my dream. It will wake me up. I thought I didn't feel it. But I actually remember it. Every time I see a book about the world,
(118:06~119:07) I see my mother holding my arm tightly. And the result is like a falling rock. I was almost destroyed by the university. I begged the teacher to act like the lowest. And live the lowest life. Finally, I went to the hospital. I sat in the chair and didn't speak. The doctor asked me what happened. I said I didn't want to be the father of my crazy father. This thing has been 10 years. I accept treatment and medical treatment. I'm much better now. I don't even need to take medicine. I often hear the song of Rocker. Sometimes I think he's innocent. That's a substance that is transmitted by violence. A kind of evil power. I'm too resistant. But sometimes I have a bad fantasy. I want to go back to school. Kill all the kids in the school. The woodcutter killed them all. The fire burned the school. Finally, put the golden ashes on the stage. And put the stone on the stage. I don't know if Rocker was thinking like this
(119:07~120:10) when he was driving the car. But I can't do that. I'm alone. I'm able to handle my friends. But I have a lot of things to do. I only had a school to study with me. I want to be a writer. And I want to be the ultimate goal of life. I want to experience love and the feeling of being loved. Even if I've been blank for many years. I want to live on. I'm still working hard. I've become a soft person for the past 10 years. I'm completely different from before. I may be the most kind. I'm abandoned. I'm also under the skin of Jesus. I'm surrounded by countless ghosts. I think about some exciting business. Is there a possibility that I'm in a dilemma? I'm depressed. I'm in the same situation. I love to listen to Rocker's songs and other rock music. Those things are full of violence and life. It seems that everyone is breaking their own territory. I will feel a little bit of guilt and guilt. Maybe this is the weight of life. I have a beautiful life.
(120:10~121:10) I also hope that in the car, people who are abandoned will be recovered. Finally, I also hope that I grow up well. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human.
(121:10~122:18) I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human being. I'm a human. I'm a human being. I'm a human being. Maybe withnatural, I think I'mary. I'm a human. I'm just a human being. I'm just human being. This song is Reha Chili Paper's bass song, Flea.
(122:18~123:38) This song is called Love Love Love. This song is called Love Love Love.
(123:38~124:43) This song is called Love Love Love. This song is called Love Love Love. Give me, give me all your love.
(124:43~125:45) Alabama Shake. Give me all your love.
(125:45~126:58) Give me all your love. So much is going on. But you can always come around. Give me all your love.
(126:58~128:21) Give me all your love. Give me all your love. Give me all your love.
(128:21~129:38) So cool. Give me all your love. Give me all your love.
(129:38~130:58) Give me all your love. Give me all your love. Give me all your love.
(130:58~132:02) Give me all your love. Give me all your love. Give me all your love.
(132:02~133:21) Number one. Give me all your love. Give me all your love.
(133:21~134:27) Give me all your love. Give me all your love. Thank you.
(134:27~135:49) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
(135:49~137:06) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
(137:06~138:29) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
(138:29~139:55) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
(139:55~140:55) Thank you. Thank you.
(140:55~142:17) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
(142:17~143:42) Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
(143:42~144:42) Thank you. Thank you.
(144:42~145:42) Thank you. Thank you.
(145:42~146:42) Thank you. Thank you.
(146:42~146:53) Thank you.
