(00:00~01:02) I I
(01:02~02:02) I I
(02:02~03:02) I Hello, everyone. I'm New Ziao Jia's gossip gossip radio gossip Anyway, I'm gossip. Today is our gossip radio. This EP 212 is the theme of today's topic. I have used this topic before. I'm not sure. Today is the last episode of the show. I will share with you a story that happened recently. Please judge for me. Is this a gossip radio gossip radio gossip? Please give it a thought. Don't do it for the sake of gossip. I think gossip is funny. Of course gossip is gossip. You haven't heard the story yet. I want to remind you. This is really... I think I usually I want to ask you a question. I usually question
(03:02~04:02) whether you are a jerk or not. I want to be a social leader and stand in the corner and watch the world. I rarely say that I'm a jerk. But I have said it many times. I'm not sure. This is a very extreme case. I hope you can use the spirit of gossip that you usually use to publicize and publicize whether you are a jerk. But the problem is that we don't want to be a jerk because we are a publicized and publicized. Too fast. I want to tell you a little thing. It's not me. I used to be a Uber driver. I rarely complain about Uber drivers. Because I have lost a lot of drivers. Even if I lost a way or I was a little bit lost or I didn't know how to complain. I would feel that sometimes I would be in a bad mood or I would be in a bad mood.
(04:02~05:02) I knew it. I knew it. I wouldn't blame others. But that day was really weird. I was driving a Uber and the driver was very sick. He was catching. He was a natural reaction. I don't blame anyone. He was just a normal person. The car started to catch. He was catching the whole car. I thought it was impossible. How could someone catch the whole car? I was in a bad mood. I was scared. He was catching three cars. I was afraid of that car. Everyone, it's a mess. I didn't expect someone would catch the car. It's funny. I wasn't angry. I was very nervous. I was afraid of the toothpaste. I had the toothpaste. I want to see my toothpaste. Really. I had the toothpaste I had two or three months ago.
(05:02~06:02) It was before the epidemic. Hi, guys. During the epidemic, I thought I wanted to wash my toothpaste. But I didn't want to bother the medical staff. They were afraid of infection and I was afraid of infection. I was in charge of myself. I didn't go there. I was in the hospital for two years. I lost my motivation. I was in the hospital for two years. That's about it. I was in the hospital for two or three months. I thought I shouldn't eat too much. I'm sorry. It's my fault. I'm wrong. I will do this next time. In half a year. I will do this. If you don't do this, you will scold me. I admit I was wrong. Don't talk about the toothpaste. You are talking to me. You can talk about my toothpaste. I'm talking about my toothpaste. I posted some articles on Thrive.
(06:02~07:02) There was a friend who sent me a article. It was not a political article. It was a personal comment. He left a comment. I posted a comment. He left a comment. I hated the article. Why did you send me the article? How should I do it? I can't see the article. It's in the article. I didn't want to complain. I thought it was a small thing. I have a small reply. I said I want to tell you something. I don't know how to help you. I didn't write the article. I didn't do it. I can't do it. But I'm sure I know something. After you read the article, you can leave a comment. The comment said you don't know if you like it or not. You can see the article. You can leave a comment. You can see the social media.
(07:02~08:02) You can encourage people to interact. When he found out you can leave a comment. It's written well and bad. I think Thread likes to quarrel. Even if it's bad, he's welcome. So what? You'll see more of it. I thought, how could you do this? Are you okay? Why did you do it on purpose? Anyway, I found out after I finished writing the article, he closed me. You should have done it earlier. You should have known that you didn't want to leave a comment. You closed me. I don't mind. I hate it. I don't know. I don't have 10,000 or 5,000. I don't know. Taiwan must have more. Why don't you leave a comment? You should have closed me. I'm sorry. I have a lot of comments.
(08:02~09:02) I'm used to it. I don't know I'm not like a person who has been home and has been mistaken. I feel good when I see people who scold me. I don't get angry. Of course, I feel bad. But I feel bad because I'm mistaken. But some shallow words, like, I don't know what to say. I don't know. I don't want to go back. I don't want to go back. But I have a lot of women like Zeng Jiaquan and some women who are popular. They have many comments and even Zeng Jiaquan wants to report.
(09:02~10:02) I don't want to comment. I'm not very familiar with Zeng Jiaquan. I don't want to talk to him. I have been active with him. I don't know him. I don't want to say that I don't know him. Of course, I've been active with him. I've been active many times. But I've only been with him for a long time. I'm not familiar with him. I just want to say that all those women who are popular in KOL and women's political figures have a lot of comments. They talk about my experience, my age, my appearance, and my appearance. If I can talk about women's popular media in the same language, it's definitely a big problem. But it's the same for me. This is the last week. I have a lot of comments. I'll talk about it later. Actually, I was told that
(10:02~11:02) I would be with you on this week. I was told that men are actually attracted to women. I don't want to say that I really care about men. I just want to say that men are really a little bit of a coward. I don't care about women. I think some people laugh at me. They say that I'm really funny. I'm as small as a fart. I don't know but I'm a big fart. Is it possible to talk about women when you're with a woman? My wife mentioned a very mysterious thing. She said that if there's more people who talk about women then I'm a little bit of a fart. I'll try to talk about it. I'm not really hurt by this.
(11:02~12:22) I just want to think about the situation of the society. I want to say that men are really a basic thing. So don't blame men. They can't even curse. They can't speak. Is that our need to survive? Let's curse.
(12:22~13:34) I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. I'm a little bit of a fart. Don't curse.
(13:34~14:37) pronunciation English Well, I think that's maybe what Erik mentioned JULY !! Hey hold on Two stop Don't you Hello we're here
(14:37~15:37) he won't you I'm not a big fan of the tiger, but I'm a very curious and experienced person and a brave person who has no worries So actually, I was really curious about it I just tried a little bit of that My feeling is that I don't have much smell Maybe it's because of my diet Because I don't eat fried food My taste is light So basically, I ate quite a lot of fruits So I also like pineapple So the taste is good And then this Mosoya Song What does Mosoya Song mean? Mosoya Song means 10 o'clock Is it suitable for drinking beer now? I think it's... Let's see what I'm drinking now
(15:37~16:39) Black beer Today, my juice is called Erigan Buster It's called Erigan What should I say about Erigan? Erigan is that It's even faster than Erigan Erigan Oman, Oman, Oman The soul of Oman This one is a bit Oman The bitter taste is very obvious I actually like black beer very much But its bitter taste is a bit beyond my imagination Okay When I was training in China, I didn't hear about this I'm sorry, it wasn't on purpose But I just wanted to share my personal knowledge I haven't had it for a long time But when I was in the past, I thought it was good No need to worry about it I just asked if I would go to the bar next week Will I be able to hear the non-stop non-stop? Next week Let me see my form Because I don't know if I'll be busy next week I'm quite busy this week
(16:39~17:39) I don't know if I'll be able to go back to the bar I don't dare to say Next week, I think it's a bit of a delay I think I can consider going there Then Wei said that the boss has made some changes in his work He has become the former manager He has been working here for half a year Everything is still good The new manager and deputy manager have changed many rules I can understand the new official Three-way work He must have changed some things His work has changed a lot Because he has become an old employee He has found out that his new salary has just been higher than mine He has changed a bit What should I do? I can understand this feeling Let me talk about it I was talking about the workplace I have talked about this experience in the live broadcast I used to have a deployment in the game company The deployment It was a short-term deployment for a while But later He has other developments So he left the company He went to work in a commercial company We all congratulate him
(17:39~18:40) He is also in the commercial company It's also on the cloud And then The better the better Later, because the company is good I want to have a new manager So I invited him back to the company To be the new manager I was the manager of the hospital He used to be in my hospital department Under the department He is in charge of my deployment When he came back He became the manager of the commercial department So it's a bit like a normal job He is the same as my job My department He has already been working with me But I don't care Because I think People are doing well outside And everyone sees his talent So when he came back There is a better position to wait for him And I am a normal person I have no jealousy at all And I became a very good friend with him I go out for dinner every weekend So I have no jealousy at all But I really have a new change One day When we were talking with the finance director He accidentally said something That is to say This person As the manager of the commercial department My former department After he came back Actually, he took a lot of money He is much higher than me
(18:40~19:41) He shouldn't be talking about this The owner of the financial department Shouldn't be talking about this This should be a secret This is also a company Can stabilize One of the very important keys Is personal information The treatment of every new agent Can be kept secret I didn't expect him to talk about it At that moment I thought Boss I have been working for the company for four or five years And then How many problems I have encountered How many good opportunities I didn't even leave Between your left and right And then support this company Go forward And then of course You have to invite someone to come back I think it's okay But you actually give him Higher salary than me Are you right about me Yan Ge said When he was in the company The most needed person I went to do it He may think it's more developed Then after that Because you see him Good job You asked him to come back Are you right about me Should this be this This this this this Who was my owner at that time Is now the capital net red Mew But let me tell you
(19:41~20:41) Although I am very unfair But I completely understand you Because one market determines one person Do you know This is like a business How to determine the price Many people don't understand the economy You will think it's a cost-effective decision For example, you will think Oh, this thing is three dollars Then he was a little bit smaller Then sell five or six dollars Not oh I tell you All the price of things It's not a cost-effective decision So a person's salary It's not your ability or talent Decided What is the decision It's a demand decision That is to say Today, if you have this thing Only three dollars But if you You you you you You this thing is priced ten dollars Everyone will buy It's 20 dollars Everyone will still buy It's 100 dollars Everyone will still buy Will its price be 10 dollars 20 dollars No It's 100 dollars Because you still bought 100 dollars Then why did he decide to pay 10 dollars This is a demand The same If he needs a person today Come into this company But he found out This one month 100,000 dollars a month Can't find this person That 15,000 Do you want to spend Want 20,000 or not
(20:41~21:41) Want This is the demand of the market Then there was a need for a marketing team Then they found a best choice Is outside Then this Mixed Mixed one circle Because in a good company Then have been the director of this high street So his salary is definitely higher So you have to find him back Why do you have to pay higher salary Give him a better right So that he can come back This is a very reasonable thing Back to your situation So it means that Actually you think today So cool My salary is so low So Then why is it lower than the new one I think it may not be your fault It's not your ability It's not what The simple thing is Now this market You have to find one Just like that new guy I just want to pay this money Some other Maybe there are some other factors For example, he is the boss's cousin I don't know That's not I'm not in my discussion But I said This is actually the reality of society So I told everyone at that time What kind of teaching is this thing I think the process
(21:41~22:42) Take it to your friends Take it to you Sacrifice the line Then the career For this This is a good attribute It's also a good virtue But for a company He is also quite important But it's not that important If you really hope that you Whether it's a promotion Or a fortune You also see this thing very seriously Then you have to leave when you should Then when there is a better chance You have to go to the market You can only get the best treatment Then Because after all, this is work Work is not talking about love Not looking for a wife Just everyone is going to do what they should Just do what they should Don't put it in your heart Okay, that's it Okay Then That's what I'm talking about No, Mila is not the one who returned to the country Mila is not the one who returned to the country Mila is the boss at that time Then the one who returned to the country
(22:42~23:44) Actually, my friend He is still in a good relationship with him He is now in A very famous construction company in Yilan And then it's also the highest-ranking owner of the single-handedly marketing Then If you are from Yilan, you may know Just Dezhu It's the company that specializes in Yilan The one that is good Then Once before The second half is that I was with Guaji and Cai Lin Jia Jia, they were together I went to Yilan to live in a民宿 That kind of like Airbnb That kind of looks pretty luxurious That kind of poison There's also sugar outside I still have a short film And then that one is in that sugar Half a night in that sugar That one is slippery That's my friend Dezhu's company's house Yeah, that's it Thank you for their invitation So I said Actually, this has nothing to do with the system That is to say Actually, we are still good friends Just at that time I suddenly realized one thing That is, I have no intention of paying attention to this company And I don't blame Mila I don't blame the company at that time Because actually, like I just said This is not because he
(23:44~24:49) He is not the one who uses talent or ability to decide your heart He is determined by market laws Who told me to make the wrong decision on market laws If I really hope that my heart rate can be higher But let me tell you When I have a better chance, I should leave So I haven't been there for long Probably half a year I went to Disney I won't say it This time I just didn't think about it Yeah, that's life I have learned this after several years of teaching You can hear it now If you are still young and have a chance If you walk this road, think about it yourself Don't This center heart Don't be limited to the company He doesn't need it How did you suddenly talk about this Look, this is so long Then Then I'll talk about the outside Is it yesterday or the day before yesterday Yesterday I went to Tokyo Then went to Hekou Lake to see the film of Fu Shishan Put it on IG and YouTube platform Many people have seen it
(24:49~25:49) Because of the bridge of the coffee shop Because it's the continuous season Just flip it over again and again I saw someone actually think How to say this It's almost like it's out of the box I know he didn't think I was out of the box But I want to tell him one thing You know, there's a name called absolute cinema It's definitely a movie I'm telling you, that's the state That's the state I'm not I don't know who I'm not I'm actually completely I'm actually completely hoping To make a good coffee Then make a very leisurely And a very elegant video So I found out that the coffee was very boring at that time I really don't know what to do Actually, I'm not going to make tea later Did you notice that I jumped directly to the cup of tea Do you know why In fact, if I have a plot I should start to take out the tea bag Then put the hot water in These are basically the action scenes In fact, if you want the whole plot to be very connected These things are going to be taken out It looks good But why did you directly take the cup of tea Because I was completely panicked at that time
(25:49~26:51) Because I thought I'm done I don't have anything to shoot I wasted my time And then I didn't see the deputy minister I was bored and wasted my energy these two days Really, I was so confused at that time Then The next one is very messy If you see the deputy minister The correct punishment should be I block the deputy minister first That's all I came back to check The deputy minister first said I didn't expect that the last 20 minutes Then the head went away I saw the deputy minister I told you that's when I had the suspense So it looked good So I told you that time point I really don't have anyone I just took a bunch of pictures back Then I printed the pen to cut it out Then thank you for your likes Okay, that's it That's real Then I recently In fact, when you don't want to watch the end of the show We quit the office Because at that time Because at that time the office I think it's a bit How to say The burden is bigger It's in a good area Then it's a new building And the management is very good So it's actually a bit expensive I think at that time
(26:51~27:52) I think don't watch it It also includes a bad situation In fact, I think the office of the pig is completely unreasonable When I wanted to quit Actually, who was it? Ma Xi also mentioned an advice He said Because everyone has their own things to do Like Ma Xi Still have a personal career In the business He always needs a place like the office He said How about we all Let's take a look Or continue to rent this place How about Everyone, you go out a little I go out a little I said, okay, you guys talk If you really want You tell me quickly I'll do this thing right away We'll continue to rent Don't talk nonsense But it's okay Because maybe everyone There are still many things that I haven't thought about This is also reasonable So I finally quit When I quit Of course, I can sell some Can be organized Can be thrown away All of them are gone One of them is a bigger thing It's our car at that time We are a car repair car made by a Fu Teh person Actually, in many Don't watch the video I saw the silver one Then I just sold it off Because it's true Because that car Actually, that car is actually sold off Is actually like this Because as a company Actually, we are not buying that car We are the corporate rent plan But according to logic
(27:52~28:53) The corporate rent plan Is that you rent it for about three or five years That's you You rent a contract After the deadline You just wait for the same Buy this car Then you don't have to pay the rent This car is just for you So it's a bit like The change of the payment Probably this concept But our rent contract Actually hasn't arrived yet Maybe there's still a gap Maybe I forgot 13 months or 15 months I thought about it Should I give it to you again Then this car It's just my property Like this It's okay But I still think about it We actually lack a lot of money now There are a lot of cash We have to pay The total amount of money is not finished yet Then I Of course, sell the car first If you keep it You still have to help him stop the car The rent for every month Still have to pay I remember it's 2,000 yuan a month I think it's actually super inexpensive I think I sold it But selling it to me I still I have no feelings for that car Because I'm not interested in cars What's too much And then that car Not based on my personal taste Choose It was completely based on the function And I was supposed to pick the color It's black And then But at that time
(28:53~29:53) Thomas went to ask Just say The lack of black now He said if you want to wait Maybe you have to wait half a year He said the color There's no time for me now I want to say Forget it Anyway, I don't know what to pick Just take out the car It's just a car that someone made Take a photo of the work What color is there Silver Although I think I think the silver is ugly But I still say Then buy it Then buy it That's it So I don't have feelings for him Then I sold it After selling it In fact, I think Later on It caused a little trouble But I totally agree Selling it is a very reasonable action But for me Actually it's a trouble In fact I've been For the past few months Everyone sees me Often going out of the wild That climb Or wild animals Actually quite need cars I always have a car I use that Lygo Lygo actually has a car Not for their ads But I'm just I have that service Then I use that service Then go to the car Actually it's quite an economic event But the trouble is Because that's not your car after all So every time you know
(29:53~30:53) You have to carry a bunch of equipment Then you I don't have a elevator at home I have to put a bunch of heavy equipment from the fourth floor Sometimes I have to More like the last time I went to When I went to the market for the recording I went up and down and moved four times I finished moving Then go to the fourth floor Then every time I moved super heavy Super tired Because that night I still had to burn the wood I just brought two boxes of wood Super tired Then I thought about it If I had my own car I could put the equipment on top But because I don't actually have it now I'm thinking about it over there Buy a car I'd rather think about it first I should just I'll pay the money for it So I kept telling myself Don't think about cars first Then the car is just a tool I don't love cars Then Then I think about it Three to six months I should be able to The money I should have spent All the money I had
(30:53~31:53) Then I'll just save it for three to six months Then I can buy a car later Just the cheap one That's just right 30 or I forgot the headrest He came up with a J-Space Then about 6.5 or 6.8 million Then I thought about it This car is not expensive Then I'll use the J-Space plan Then I'll pay a little money Then I can drive a small This small car Then go up and down And it has four WDs Doesn't it sound good? Although this car There's nothing special It's just a very rich car But it feels pretty convenient That's what I thought at that time But it's really a coincidence I have a friend It's also a friend of mine He suddenly said Want to sell a car Then he sold that car It's a Western It's like a Pajero in 1998 A 30-year-old car A car I tell you, I don't know much about cars But when I saw that car I suddenly thought How does it look good It has a special review Seven-layered sand color That's the kind of earth yellow It's good Then he sold a super cheap price 18 million
(31:53~32:54) I want to say I'm in a hurry It seems to be coming out A car from 1998 But it's very good It looks cute Then I thought about it I felt like I wanted to buy Then I started knocking at night Do you still sell this car? But the result is that I didn't buy it The reason is because That car I asked too late If I asked at the time Do you have a chance But I hesitated for a long time To tell him about this So someone already forced it Because that car is really good And the price is cheap But I tell you I really don't know much about cars I started to go to Pajero Because of this thing What kind of car is a car Then his history Then his personality Then I watched a lot of videos about him Then I started to understand Because now Pajero Actually Although recently there is a new one But he hasn't been in a new car for a long time So now most people are playing Pajero This car It's probably an old car from the 20s The price is very cheap But it takes a lot of preparation Then a lot of people buy it Just hope Anyway, it's a classic car Then what I've won many awards in the Kata rally Then various All kinds of advantages
(32:54~33:54) Then it feels cool A little taste Because it's not a choice that ordinary people make I'm originally a super麻煩 No research No interest But because of this car I suddenly started to study cars very seriously Then I suddenly started to think about it How about really making an old car I tell you this thing I advise all young people Don't do this thing Because the old car is really tiring Because I used to have a friend He has a super old classic car I went out with him before Go out for ten times Maybe there are five times You have to help him push the car Because his car will definitely be a problem Old cars often have problems Super annoying Then So if young people are working hard Then take care of children Family is very busy Don't do this But I don't have this kind of problem I suddenly think If I spend a lot of time and energy Take a break This is from the spirit to the good Isn't this a pretty thing
(33:54~34:55) I suddenly felt You know, I suddenly realized something in that moment Hey My personality has changed This is I was 50 years old Absolutely absolutely absolutely It's impossible to think of If you're still working in the company Absolutely absolutely absolutely It's impossible to think of When I work in the company I just want to say Open a special Then this This is a very ugly old man No matter what kind of bird car The color is just fine Then it's okay to open it You can drive a car I tell you A car from 1998 It's impossible to have a car A whole car He even He even That air conditioner It's all It's all turned Not pressed That's the moment Suddenly realized My life really went to a Totally different What I'm talking about now is I haven't bought this car yet But I tell you Even until this afternoon I'm still selling cars Wow I don't want to believe it
(34:55~35:57) That's it I've been walking Life is walking to this This land No, I just think it's interesting Then this month No, last week I went to Japan with my wife Then share a boring story That's it The habit of my wife and I We used to sleep separately in Taiwan Because we're all afraid of grass But going out to live in a hotel It's impossible to sleep separately It must be in the same room Impossible to do Old couple Go out and play outside Then the hotel is divided into two rooms I'll tell you one thing first Actually, my wife really wants to do this thing We went to where to play once She suddenly asked me Do you think I don't want to rent two rooms I said you're crazy rent two rooms I'm going to hang up I said don't do that But we basically Usually rent two beds Just two beds Because we sleep one bed Someone comes back and goes back Then it's easy to interfere Unless you buy new materials The one recommended That one The bed of the Japanese The bed of the Japanese Won't be disturbed I don't have a night shift today Then What I want to say is That one So we're all two beds
(35:57~36:58) Then everyone will be more disturbed Then I remember going to Tokyo The third morning Then Then that morning My wife first got up Then she was on the right My right side Then she got up After getting up I don't know why she was against me Then she didn't turn on the light It's dark Then I was Sleepy and relaxed I feel like my wife got up Woke up I turned around and saw her against me Then Then I found out She was against her She looked like she had a low head It seems like she was eating Then I said Because I haven't woken up yet I said What is my wife doing Then she didn't talk Continue I said What is my wife doing I asked the third time She suddenly said I'm eating What are you eating I'm eating tomato Actually, that dialogue I didn't mean I woke up after the next隔離 But I thought about this later At that time
(36:58~37:58) My wife never came back She was always against me I asked her what you were eating She only said This tomato But I didn't see that tomato She may really have a tomato But I didn't see it at all This is a monster This is really I think about it now This picture I'm going to ask her now I think she will also deny But at that time I really have a kind of Three-leaf Not at my home Not in a place we know In Japan Tokyo A dog has never lived in a restaurant In the dark Your wife was against you She kept eating She was always eating Maybe I look for you Maybe
(37:58~38:58) I scale the rule Maybe You left Or maybe This is how I stay You Miss the silence Unmoved We could dance And go take two My girl says If I like Don't act I don't know If I left What would you do Follow me into the room If you help me I would be over the fucking moon Could it ever be The thought of you and me Brings me to a place of I don't know what I'm doing Excessive Maybe I scale the rule Maybe You left Or maybe This is how I stay You Maybe I look for you Maybe I scale the rule Maybe
(38:58~39:58) You left Or maybe This is how I stay Now trick what go who That ain't what pro do Got a lot of girls That'll love to devote you Took her to the top of the hut She wanted soul food You got her an ur mess bag Nigga that sold you All black bins I'm getting top in the whole plane I had to switch bees I'm buzzing fast in the slow lane They know you go against the club In the go Get your whole liquor low Make that way in the door Fuck jet blue And miss flies it gets Fuck pain dudes Bitch I'm buying the nits Fuck pain school shit I'm trying to invest You copping another watch I'm an iron jet So I could fly around the globe With some Tom model bitches And they ain't come and get hugs They want kisses I think I might make one of them So drop them dishes And get me switches Baby I look for you Baby I scale a room Baby you left or maybe This is how I stay
(39:58~41:04) You Baby I scale a room Baby you left or maybe This is how I stay You left or maybe This is how I stay I'm just not over I'm just not over I'm just not over I'm just not over I'm just not over I'm just not over Baby you Alright, this is my song Are you in the room? Are you in the room? This is the problem Who messages you But I'm not sure if he's mentally Or mentally Anyone her in this room Are you in the room? Okay I went to Japan For quite a few 118
(41:04~42:05) 店 This is the shop near the station, Alpen. This should be the biggest outdoor store in Tokyo. I don't know, I just went around. There's also Albrecht, and most gallery. Anyway, it's all outdoor. It's really amazing. I didn't buy a lot, because I'm not a shopping person. Plus, I think I should have some money. And I'm going to be paid in May. So I actually bought very few. But I might be able to make a video tomorrow. Because I think I should give myself some pressure. I should make videos. No matter how long or short, I have to make videos. So I'll make a video of what I bought in Tokyo. You can see what I bought. You can decide. This is what it is. I think a lot of people often talk about this plate. Because we talk about curtains, stories. But I want to make a series. I bought a lot of things. There are 50 or 40 plates. But I bought 2 or 3 of them. There are 2 or 3 in 100.
(42:05~43:06) I bought a lot of things. So I want to share some good things. I bought some good things. I'll share them with you. And I want to make a decision. This is a plate. I bought some good things. I'll share them with you. But I went to the outdoor store this time. I have a observation. In the past, people would think that outdoor items might be sold at the top of the gold tower. Or at the top of the Bishilin. Like Snow Peak. If you are interested in outdoor items, you may know that it's not good to be in the middle of the year. The stock price went down last year. There are many reasons. But this is not a discussion on economic business or outdoor items. So I won't talk too much. But I think there is a... I think I went there this time. I just went there. And then I suddenly... Because before, Taiwan actually... Actually, outdoor items shop has sold a lot of things of Snow Peak. But there are few. But the new one... The South Korea Lala Poyol. So... The South Korea Lala Poyol has a... I think it's the special price of Snow Peak. That's an exception. Then... Wait a minute. I suddenly thought about it.
(43:06~44:08) Because I have to organize the... The... The... The information. And then I looked at the Snow... Snow Peak. I suddenly felt something. I can totally understand why it can't be sold. Because in the past few years, I have sold a lot of different brands. That kind of recording and use. Then... Some even from China and Korea. And then Taiwan made it. Actually, I think it's all pretty good. And the design is very clever. The thing of Snow Peak. You can see it now. It's huge. And then... And then some design ideas. It's old. And then you don't know what kind of motivation you can buy. I think now that I see Snow Peak. Before... Before, when I completely didn't understand outdoor items, you see Snow Peak. For example, a cup. The logo of Snow Peak. You just feel that, wow, it's a high-end. This thing is a brand. Now I completely see it. I just feel that, wow, Snow Peak can't be bought. It's just a expensive and useless thing. I have this feeling. But this isn't my... But this is not really important. If you haven't done outdoor items, there's actually something very important this week. It's the rent and pay. I don't know if you know this. It's... Whose concert? I forgot.
(44:08~45:08) Anyway, I saw Wang Tsaihua. And who is Wang Tsaihua? There's a guy. A host. Anyway, there are two people. And then on an event. And then there was AI rent and pay. And then... AI rent and pay. Sorry, it's not rent and pay. AI rent and pay. There's a background behind it. Directly with the dialogue. I think this week is the victory of the rent and pay. Because you know, people have been saying that rent and pay are still alive. Brother Zhu is alive. Brother Zhu is going to film the Big Way. It's all a kind of doing. But you suddenly see a real AI rent and pay. And it's still with the current... Taiwanese theater staff. And they interact with each other. You will feel the spirit of the new generation. You will say, wow, this era. So rent and pay is still alive. Chen Yalan? Not Chen Yalan. Ah, Lan Baos. So I really felt it was so bad. I think this is also a very mysterious week. This week, I actually saw a super mysterious thing. Taipei City Zoo.
(45:08~46:10) The city zoo recently created by two small stone tigers. The name. The small stone tiger is really cute. I like cats the most. After the netizens' comments and press the vote, there are the two names of the bear, Chu Hua and Qiao Lu, Qiao Ba Na and the two kinds of names. Enter the final choice. And the highest number of votes is Yesou and Xianbei. Yesou is the beast. Xianbei is the Japanese kind of rice. It's baked and crispy. Ah, it's not baked. Xianbei. Yesou and Xianbei. Because it's two names. One is called Yesou and the other is called Xianbei. No entry. But it's the highest number. The original name is in the latest post. Although there are many topics in the post, the name of the ten tribes is very fragrant. So we decided not to name the names. Enter the final choice. The highest number of votes is Tienwen. The group is also famous for having the right to cancel the rights of the non-native. The name is Yesou and Xianbei. The reason why they are not accepted is because they are laughing. I think this is a bit difficult to understand.
(46:10~47:10) I think the live broadcast on the spot. Let me see. I just saw more than 2,000. 2,400 people. I see that you have 400 people. Maybe not necessarily. Because this is from Japan. There is a Japanese bronze color film. There is a character in it. It's called Yesou and Xianbei. But Xianbei is not the one who ate Xianbei. It's the Xianbei of the previous generation. Xianbei. Xianbei. Yesou and Xianbei. Because there are many mysterious places in it. So it became a geng. Yesou and Xianbei were often taken out to speak. There is a sentence in it. It's called Hao. Hao, come. Hao, come. Because in Japanese, it's a bit like Yiyiyou Goiyiyou Sorry, my Japanese is not good enough. Koyiyo Yiyiyou Koyiyou Because Yiyiyou is Hao, come. That's a demon. Hao, come. Because Hao, come. Yiyiyou It's a bit like Yiyi. And Koyiyou It's a bit like Go Go Yiyou
(47:10~48:10) So it's 514 So later it began to say it had a specific number. It is 114514 As soon as he saw the first 4514, he knew that he was going to be betrayed. The person who understood the word, the author, was actually called... Because the name of the film was long, but the key is the name of the film. So they called themselves the name of the film. The name of the film. It's like this. It's called the name of the film. And then... It's funny that everyone knows one thing. Taiwan... Actually, this week... Because it's May 15th today. What date was it yesterday? May 14th. But Taiwan... It was the year of the Republic of China yesterday. It was the year of the Republic of China 114. The year of the Republic of China 114. May 14th. Isn't it just 114, 514? So that means... That's the anniversary of the late Soviet Union. Completely.
(48:10~49:12) And it's the anniversary of the late Soviet Union. So I saw a woman in the chase. And then... Zheng Jingling. A woman in the chase. I don't want to explain. And then... She did this for this. She went to the hospital for a special treatment yesterday. And she took her treatment. It says 114, 514. And then... It's so funny. Everyone's crazy. You know? We have that�これ. …彩歌兵狼潭. What pickle? He showed me a picture yesterday. Wait until I find it, and we see how we only have aある to the cartoon. C in Japan is one of their drawing books. This one really inspired me toITARP zit and I ordered to look for it. And this one gave me a look. I found his picture. Because he played… since AI thinks of this sort of case way… and in use, he designed the sketch about� making emerges which resembles the pre-backed style.
(49:12~50:12) And then I asked him what magic numbers are in the first, and he said, It's crazy! And then I thought, these people are really... I think this week, the whole of the famous Taiwanese camp has been crazy. But when we came back to this news, he said that Taipei is a zoo. Because later he thought that these two little lions are very fragrant. So because they actually have a... This is a root, I already explained it to you, you can check it yourself. Anyway, it's the wild boar, they usually are connected to this word, it's very stinky. And then, and then he said, because it's very fragrant, it's not stinky, the wild boar is not stinky. He said these two little lions are very fragrant, not stinky. So he didn't plan to name this name wild boar. But the most popular names are the one with the tongue and the tongue. The other one is the one with the horn and the horn. Let's talk about this a little bit. I think everyone should know about the horn and the horn. I think there will be more. Because it comes from the Jiu Jiu adventure wild wolf. This is a famous Italian black-handed film, the main character's name, the name and surname.
(50:12~51:12) And then he took two, it became two animals' names. The other one is the chub, the tongue and the chub. It is another, recently it is also quite popular, but I think it may not be in the Jiu Jiu adventure, this level, but it is also quite popular. It's Ben G. Juin, a girl, a young girl from the band, a animation of the band. But because he is also very sensitive, and recently he is also in some small group, and he has a lot of discussions. I personally think it is a small group. If you are his fans, you think it is a big group, then you are right, I don't want to argue with you. In short, the name of the two names is basically animation. I don't know, it's just that now Taiwanese people cannot name ordinary names, what group, circle, we can't accept it anymore. We must be like this kind of name, then it's right. Actually I also think it's quite funny. I don't know what kind of name you will choose. Personally, if it is these two names, I will choose the tongue and the chub.
(51:12~52:12) The tongue and the circle are too exaggerated. Anyway, let's take a break. Let's talk about some of the main discussion today. Why is everyone here now? Yes, it's just that I bought enough. I'm lazy to explain, I really think that this kind of inner-ness explanation is not very interesting. I want to talk about the fact that I am not a person who loves to explain. Recently, I mentioned in my new interview that I don't want to go to the concert for a day. But later on, I might explain something to some experts. Some experts said that the explanation of some names is not very good. They said that you are not going to the concert, are you not a tongue-and-chub? You are a double standard. You are a tongue-and-chub, and you are not a tongue-and-chub. I want to talk about some things. Do you know who collected the news today? It's Cailing. Cailing collected some news. I want to reflect on the content of these news. I will obviously find that some of the names are probably from the audience, or even from Cailing himself.
(52:12~53:12) I think this is a special name. For example, I didn't watch Ben G. Jean. So you asked me to explain the tongue of my friend. Actually, I only read some articles on the Internet. I couldn't help but say it was very good. But when you see a tongue-and-chub, if Cailing is going to discuss animal names, I will have to explain where the tongue and the tongue came from. This is my job. You know what I am saying? I can't say this in the news. I will let the tongue and tongue-and-chub to flow through the name. I know that the name is a tongue at the moment. But I will go and check what the tongue is. Then I will find Ben G. Jean. I know that. I can see it on the animation. I know that the front page is very popular. I also watched the first episode without any intention. But I really didn't like it. I couldn't watch it. I really couldn't explain the tongue. But I have a job. I am the host of this show. I don't want to know about it. Or I don't think I know myself well. I still have to take responsibility and explain what it is. So if there are experts, for example, you are Ben G. Jean's expert, you think you are a shopping expert, you will say, Cailing, what are you talking about? You know nothing.
(53:12~54:12) I can only say sorry. I am really understanding nothing. But I still have a job. I have to take responsibility to tell everyone. This is not because I am a teacher. If I meet someone in the normal world and tell me what Ben G. Jean is, I will not have any reaction. I will say, I am lucky I didn't watch this show. Let's play a song now. We will enter the next important part. Now we are talking about some easy things. We will go to the next part in the Harko content. There is no Harko. It is my personal talk. Let's talk about the song now. This part is more special. Last week, I played the second round of love repair. Today, I will play the second round of love repair. It is the second round of love repair. But the second round of love repair is the 500th love repair. One of them is the blinding wind of mango. The blinding wind of mango. It is not covered.
(54:12~55:12) It is not covered. It is a unique, original blinding wind. But we don't care about it. Anyway, if the five bullets are 500, one is the blinding wind of mango. It means that the blinding wind of mango is not heard by anyone. So when you accidentally hit this hand, you are like the bullet that hits your sun. You die directly. It is the concept. But I didn't do it like this. I didn't want to be blinded by the blinding wind. In fact, there are too many people who have thought about singing this song. So there are too many people who have thought about it. So we will cover the second round of love repair. I am sorry. I have to record some of the messages that I have sent before. Because only I am the one who wrote it today. Today, the sixth song of the second round of love repair is the 500th love repair. The blinding wind of the blinding wind of mango. One of them is the blinding wind of mango. One of them is the blinding wind of mango.
(55:12~56:12) One of them is the blinding wind of mango. One of them is the blinding wind of mango. Of course, the blinding wind of mango is also the blinding wind of mango. Let's see which song we will hear tonight. The blinding wind of mango Watch it! I... It's impossible. The heart of a girl told me not to leave the white hair of your umbrella I will make me feel better The blinding wind of mango I will make you feel better I also changed my mind I really used the super one. How could I see the moon? I still think of you The star that came in It's a mess of my summer season But the moment of the yellow sky The wind blew away the fog And I lost my intuition in the memory The wind blew in the summer night My heart aches How could my tenderness
(56:12~57:13) miss your loneliness The wind blew in the summer night My heart aches I don't know what's wrong And I have nowhere to hide Impossible, impossible I'm out of my mind When I came back that year We met again We took a vow Can we change everything? But with a huge illusion I will take back the past And I lost my intuition in the memory My tenderness
(57:13~58:20) Missed your loneliness The wind blew in the summer night My heart aches I don't know what's wrong And I have nowhere to hide The wind blew in the summer night My heart aches How could my tenderness Be my mistake The wind blew in the summer night My heart aches I don't know what's wrong And I have nowhere to hide La la la la la la la la la la la La la la la la la la la la La la la la la la la la la
(58:20~59:20) La ... Han Meen Wuan also sang La ... who's next? this is the very firstAl tennis series here to seed what's next?! is the horrible script bro to be sure the seats floor they're in a different there's a school a gift I can't accept it. I'm telling you, I'm going to sing a verse later.
(59:20~60:32) I'm going to do it again. I can't accept it. I didn't record it. This is random. I'm going to do random. What's that? Oh, it's a thunder. Okay, thunder is okay. I'm going to sing a verse later.
(60:32~61:32) I'm still waiting for love. A summer night wind of love. A lonely heart of love. A love waiting for love. A lonely heart of love. A lonely heart of love. Probably
(61:32~62:33) Two weeks ago, or three weeks ago, I went to attend a farewell party. And then... Because I was attending a farewell party, so I dressed up in black, black shirt, black suit, black shoes, and then I found a lot of media reporters are waiting there. I'm telling you, I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm telling you, I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm still waiting for love. A summer night wind of love. A lonely heart of love.
(62:33~63:33) A lonely heart of love. A lonely heart of love. I'm going to sing a verse later.
(63:33~64:33) I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going to sing a verse later. I'm going out to enjoy the app. Nightfer 기 Forest songters. Some Pf Are you ready? There's no 10 plus, there's also a 7-8 plus. There should be so many.
(64:33~65:33) But only two media have a report. Those people are filming three times. I'd like to tell you something. When I was in the All-Entertainment Department, Kylie was there too. Kylie was taken to crying in a mess of 7-8 times. Because she didn't want to be in the All-Entertainment Department because she was a friend. Everyone was young. So she wore a T-shirt and a jeans. It's like the pregnant woman who just got pregnant. She didn't show her face. She was crying and her eyes were swollen. So it looked ugly. She walked out and was taken by others. The title was written directly. Kylie from Bailing. She was crying and crying. The scene was very detailed. I noticed that in the All-Entertainment Department, she wore a black dress. Kylie was sure to have a thought. Since she was taken, I'd rather wear a nice dress. When she was in the All-Entertainment Department, she wore a T-shirt and jeans. She wore a black dress and a T-shirt. The whole outfit was in the All-Entertainment Department. There were only two media. I thought
(65:33~66:33) she must have thought she was taking a photo. After that, I was in the afternoon because I was about 2 or 3 o'clock in the afternoon. It was 3 o'clock in the afternoon. It was still early. I was riding my motorcycle. I suddenly thought their bus was on the bridge. The bridge was not far from the Bailing Sea. I had a thought I'd rather go to the sea. I didn't want to go home because I was in a bad mood. I thought I should go somewhere and ride a longer road. I thought it was a great place to ride a long road. I was like boom boom boom boom boom and went to the North Sea. I was laughing and thinking I was in the peak of the 64th road. I went to the West Front
(66:33~67:33) and to the Bailing Sea. When I was in the Bailing Sea, I went to a beach I've never been to. I thought I could go down the road. My motorcycle was not a moon ride. It was a regular retro street bike. To be honest, I could only go on the road on the road. The road was a bit dangerous. I wanted to ride it, but I didn't want to ride too far. I just went down the road. After I went down, I saw some soft sand. I thought I didn't want to go in. I just went in. It was like a mess. I just went in. I just went in. I didn't want to go in. I just wanted to go to a place with a good view. I went into the beach.
(67:33~68:33) I went to a place that I could go. I stopped. I wanted to take a picture. I left a memory. I wanted to go home. I put my bike on and turned around. It was in the sand. The more I tried, the more I turned. The bigger the hole on the ground, the more I kept going down. I was wearing black jeans, black pants, black shoes. I was in the car and the dirt on the back turned yellow. I couldn't go there. I was so embarrassed. There were people riding the moon and the car. There were people playing. There were people wearing super cool clothes. People in the car. I don't know what they thought. I was so embarrassed. I wanted to quit.
(68:33~69:33) I wanted to go out. But I was there for about 20 minutes. Two young people came. They were so kind. They asked me if I needed a place to help. I said yes. They took the bike out with full force. That day, I thought I was handsome. But I wasn't. I went back to the home of the famous community. I was so embarrassed. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit.
(69:33~70:37) I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I wanted to quit. I told my mother that he would buy me something. oh... that's it. All my fate is in you. I will love you in the air when everything is together. I believe. I believe. You always listen to me I will forget you I will forget you I will not see you
(70:37~71:39) You can't listen to me You can't see why you listen You can't listen to me You can't listen to me You can't listen to me You can't listen to me What is this? What am I to you?
(71:39~72:57) What is this? What am I to you? What is this? What am I to you? What am I to you? What am I to you? I will forget you
(72:57~73:57) I have never seen this before It's really amazing Every time you see some bad people Luo Yi, He Long, Deng Yixi, Deng Huilu, Tang Qiang Wang Xiao Di Who else has forgotten to tell These people will stand there and discuss about social issues It's fun It's like a fight It's a fun show He Long was on the set He Long and Tian Chan are good friends I was nervous when I was recording I was talking to Luo Yi at the beginning He Long was sitting next to me I was so nervous I didn't talk to him I knew him
(73:57~74:57) I was familiar with him I was popular with other Internet celebrities I didn't care about him You didn't have any complaints about him You should have talked to him You were afraid of him I didn't know what he was talking about I was like, how can I talk about this? I kept talking about the boring stuff How about the Satae? Did you make a contract once a year? Did you want to sign with Satae? Did you want to talk about some business? I was so nervous I was careful When you eat bento There are three dishes next to each other I don't know what you are I will be careful I will not be so harsh I will eat first I will eat first I will eat first I will eat first
(74:57~75:58) I will eat first I hope that in the end All the dishes, dishes, and dishes will be finished together I am like that I talked to Luo Yi I talked to He Long I talked to other people I got the proof Don't let anyone Especially He Long To try to follow him Or to ignore him No matter what To be on a very calm state I am so nervous I put a lot of pressure So I thought it seemed very Relax But I continuously tried to distract him Engineering a really strange cooked Calm Of course, I wouldn't mention Tianohua I don't want to feel down It took about five minutes Yep Then we tried the volume, and we sat in front of the camera. We started preparing, and we looked at the capacity, where to adjust, and the microphone position. Five minutes later, we had to start recording. Then I suddenly discovered something. He Long's voice was very sassy.
(75:58~76:59) I was also concerned. He Long, why is your voice so sassy? Did you have any activities to host yesterday? Maybe it was too hard. So Hong Hong was so angry. He Long was about two seconds away. Because I cried every day. I was also cold. Then I said, He Long, you know, I worked hard all night today. Don't put the topic to the lecture. You are forcing me now. Our show is about to be broadcasted. You are suddenly saying this. What should I do? I don't know. I'm actually a little worried about this. But I think when I finished talking about this, everyone suddenly laughed out loud. And then the excitement of the tension is gone. I was very nervous. I didn't think about it. I was so hard. I don't know what to do. But when I said this, I really felt that there was a feeling of being in a sad state. I was in a public school. But let me talk about this first. It's a very difficult to explain and complicated situation. What does it mean? Is it really just a joke or something?
(76:59~77:59) Actually, I don't think it's that easy to answer. But I think this... I can only say that it's really hard to do a job like acting or entertainment. Because you don't have any chance and space to be in. You have to change all the emotions, whether it's negative or positive, into something you can perform. So at that moment, I think that feeling is a little bit... Everyone tries to put that... a very negative atmosphere. After that, it becomes positive energy. So I believe that day, when you watch our live show, when you don't go through the show after the show, you probably can't feel that anyone feels awkward or that He Long was in a bad mood. No, not at all. At that moment, everyone took out 100% of their energy
(77:59~78:59) and their energy. And then, in the show, if you talk about what you think is the most interesting, you sit there like performing in the piano. And then, you feel that everyone here is a person in the air. It's really enough. Alright, that's it. And then, after the show is over, because it's actually a a topic for society, and then there are various discussions. Of course, you have to explain because there are rules in the show. So the important thing is to win. You get the chance to win in the game. So it doesn't mean that everyone in the show is in the real life because it's a bit like a debate. Whether it's the right or the wrong, it's the drawback. It doesn't mean that you're standing or opposing. It's just that you have to defend the place in the game. But it doesn't mean that you're the person.
(78:59~79:59) I want to talk to you about this. In short, we're talking about the rules in the game. And then there's the pure gun battle. And then the workshop in English. After the show is over, there's actually a comment below. That comment is actually only about that person. Most people think that the show looks great, everyone is great, it's amazing. Most of them are real. But there's one person who's particularly replying to a negative comment. He said that the level of the gap between the two people who have been deliberately defending the space in the middle has been strengthening everyone to make a definition of the problem. And then pressurized the freedom and space in the debate. I forgot how to say it, but that's what it is. I saw it. I saw the comment below saying that Ah Li is a little bit too small. But I was also lazy to talk about it. I was really angry. I forgot when I saw it. But it took about an hour. Luo Yi sent me a message.
(79:59~80:59) He said, he just took this picture. He said, have you seen this? I'm super cool. What did I say? I limited the space in the debate. And then he said, today, many issues in this society have been a problem. It's because the middle class is not well-designed. So everyone becomes extremely well-designed. So he thinks that definition is very important. If everyone has a hearing of the law, everyone will know that Luo Yi is super well-designed. Don't say Luo Yi. In fact, you guys listen to the first brand of Taiwan, Li Yichen. Li Yichen discusses any issues, including the small things in life. He will say one thing. He will say one thing. We will first define. What does this mean? Define is really important. Because in the situation, we say that you are standing in harmony or standing in the waste of harmony. The middle class is called the possibility of having a condition. At that time, I think everyone has to ask a question. Because Luo Yi and I have asked this question. There is no question.
(80:59~81:59) But we are just speculating. That is, if there is a condition today, what is a condition? Can you explain? Because if you have a condition, if you don't define it, then it is usually not the same as default. You see all the public policies in Taiwan. For example, we say that the main point is that we can go to the national road. Can we have a gender-based area? What is our government's rule? It's not all no. It's all about having a condition. For example, is the gender-based area open or not? It's the gender-based area. If you have any line and plan out a gender-based area, you can have a gender-based area. So it's actually okay. But the problem is that what is the gender-based area? Who dares to establish a gender-based area? You didn't explain this clearly. You see, it's been 10 years since I mentioned this. Any place can allow gender-based areas to be legal. It's not there. So when you just say there is a condition, but you didn't say there is a condition when you have a condition, it becomes unopened. The national road is like this. It also says basically it's okay to go to the national road. It's all about the government's own rules. For example, if the government is okay,
(81:59~82:59) then the government can go to the highway at this stage. Who will agree? No one will agree. So what I mean by I mean, if you don't have a rule today, if you don't have a discussion, then it's not there. That's it. The national road is really angry. It's super boring. It's obviously a person's comment. I'm not really interested in it. But because he told me that I became a little bit worried about this problem. It's really super scary. Then Luo Yi said I think this should be worth talking about. I said I thought he should be just a judge. He said the judge should talk about it. It's good that the judge is suitable for this topic. Luo Yi likes to talk about it the most. When Luo Yi was in the big bar, he also talked about a lot of the lawsuit issues. If you listen to the judge's program, I think he's talking about it well. Then I thought you should talk about it. I encouraged him to talk about it. I think you can talk about it. Then he said you think it's in your your podcast program or on your live broadcast? I thought
(82:59~85:43) Luo Yi I thought it was you who wanted to talk about this. How did you get into my problem? But I haven't answered this question yet. I've been in a position where I haven't answered it yet. Because I was going to go to Japan at that time. I thought this problem is really troublesome. I don't usually like my live broadcast. Actually, I said it two-heartedly. Everyone should know I don't like someone to be a guest on the program. Because I think I sometimes tell my guest I'm just afraid of troublesome people. I think his intention is I want to go to your program Let's have a good discussion. But I think I should give him a very sincere answer. Then I should also agree with him. Because I think since I want to talk about this topic, come see I never thought about it. He actually said he wanted to talk about this topic on my show. I really will laugh at you. Alright, let's have a good talk.
(85:43~86:43) So, the song just now is called Today's last part is about whether I am a soul egg story. Before this, I will do a little self-reflection. I found that actually these two days I have various Internet celebrities around me or even celebrities It seems very popular to do one thing is to self-reflect whether you are a guest. Like Lin Lin of the family directly took a picture of wearing a uniform. I was a guest and the iron cow didn't seem to be a guest
(86:43~87:45) but he immediately sent a message saying I am not a guest but because I am super heavy I have a very reasonable reason not to mess with the script not to do anything to make a fake document because it seems to be the first thing is Wang Da Lu Wang Da Lu Wang Da Lu because he used fake documents and then he could just be caught and now he has caught a group Chen Ling Jiu Chen Da Tian and then it seems that there are still some people who might be caught so many people would say wow, this is a celebrity everyone has a nickname what are the celebrities or political figures and then the soldiers what are the reasons for this one person will definitely be told is Freddie but the problem is this is not the point the point is I see the big bell there is Freddie and then there is Chen Ling Jiu there is Zhou Jie Lun everyone didn't take the ice and fell down who is the last one Na Dou there are other reasons what is what is the heart-pounding pull-up I also have this and then
(87:45~88:45) what is the criticism and then everyone's reasons are like it seems that you can not be a soldier but it is not a big problem because there are some celebrities maybe because of some illness there are no soldiers but he will dance some street dance and then he will play basketball or he will repeat some intense sports so he will be like why there is no problem and then the soldier can not what kind of illness like but Na Dou the last one is really funny Na Dou is too cute you know all the reasons in front of everyone are a kind of nonsense you may really have a serious problem but it may also be you know I am not telling but there is only Na Dou a too cute what does it mean everyone has Na Dou too cute this thing seems to be the same but it is not the same as the soldier he is all alone because many people come out to be the soldier I have actually already talked about but I can
(88:45~89:45) say it again Qiu Yi Jie specifically whether there is a soldier I have actually been to the city of Chenggong I have been to Chenggong for about a month I was going to normally take this soldier we were the soldier how long a year 10 months is very long not like the 4 months but it is only two months away because of the military training I went to Chenggong for training a month later because I had a disease and then actually after some tests the doctor in short he got a conclusion that you can not be a soldier he asked me directly Qiu Yi Jie do you want to be a soldier? I said actually I did not really want to he said you can not be a soldier so I was in the military was decided you can not be a soldier I was rejected but in fact I was not really a soldier I am a so-called national soldier the national soldier is that I am not a soldier I basically is a soldier a soldier a rather bad experience if I really when the Taiwan War I still have to go to be a gunman
(89:45~90:45) probably like this it's just that I don't have that long time to be a soldier because anyway I mean I said I was in the military the physical classification standard is even worse and then they think it's a picky dish probably like this that's it so I actually I did not actually run away from the military is the army to kick me out not I do not I do not I do not the national army does not want me so I told him I think I have a sense I do not blame me I do not blame me I have a sense I have a sense is is not I do not have a way really OK then the next story I am a bastard just that story is not a bastard I think it is normal I want to talk about a story of a bastard I always go to sleep this is related to him so he did not hear I think I originally hoped he heard but he did not hear then it is in fact we are going to the east-eastern journey and then quite happy because I I went out with him this journey sometimes it is like
(90:45~91:45) pulling a bullet and then buy that and then you may or pull a card sometimes you pull a bad card sometimes you pull a card SSR card may be this time played very happy sometimes played very bad because I with my wife actually who is wrong I do not discuss here I think I with my wife should have different answers but we are always very easy to fight in the journey we just do not fight to the end but we are very easy to fight in the journey then this time to the east-eastern journey is very smooth from the beginning there is no quarrel and then the process is also very smooth and then I arrange some points are almost have some good experience and then so everyone is very happy and then should eat and then should go to the shop and then drink the wine is also drunk is all things are very smooth there is no big problem so then when I go back to Taiwan I still can not help with my wife say what to do a little bit of a sense of honor because very few this time like this journey went for six days and then
(91:45~92:45) what bad things did not happen although the deputy mountain over there said did not see the deputy mountain really a bit of a pity but actually that really is good is not a big problem because the point is that we are in a good mood this thing can be passed back to that day and then we are from the land from the Yutian fly the mountain airport from the mountain airport only about ten minutes from the public transport of the car so we quickly go home and then put your luggage but because actually I have a lot of work when I was landing about five o'clock but five thirty actually there is a phone call is to discuss the matter if anyone is still not clear I will talk about many people think that the deputy mountain but actually the deputy mountain is still doing and we are still meeting many things are discussing that we also need this this this support so if any great has this willing to support us actually is welcome to I say not to say that the five thousand dollars I just say for example PC or more more and then you want to sponsor us and then what do you do quickly
(92:45~93:45) but I want to say the point is so I I was carrying my luggage and then I haven't arrived and then I started to put my headphones on that when you open the phone because the discussion is very important content but I don't know why my phone is very unassailable so it has been breaking and then every five to ten minutes he just breaks it once I don't know what is the problem and then I keep on bringing it back and then it's open and I feel very stressed and then I feel that there is a kind of wow how so chaotic and then back to the house and then I found because after all I have six days at home the cat may have killed a cat in the house in the house with a white belt in the house and then there is a cat a cat a two or three times because the cat sometimes will be hungry and then hungry next to the bed hungry next to the kitchen and then there and then I I think I my hand is messed up my wife of course is also not idle she is washing clothes and then washing the floor but she is doing something important
(93:45~94:45) my wife just passed our new home a electric tractor that my wife found she asked me water the water is not poured so it will be smelly she used a she used a actually not a very nice it is used a garden is that you why the water did not change will be smelly you know you want to change she told me but because then I was very confused just opened a phone meeting has been a group of mess there is a family to organize so I am one side of the phone and then I was a little angry a little a little bit just I just said I now things are enough you do not to add one more I want to be there before we all do not have a home and then the meeting ended I thought the atmosphere at home is very strange she did not want to talk to me I know it must be because of this then I started to actively talk to her and she
(94:45~95:45) was afraid to bite me and then I thought really not to add I did not have a way I went and then hug her I said sorry you know what you did wrong? I know I know just now you called me to do things I'm not annoyed you know how annoying you were talking about how angry you dare to tell others you dare to tell your friends you dare to tell your friends you dare to tell Di Yicheng you dare to tell Di La you do this you do this to your wife you dare to admit you dare to on the live broadcast I said I dare if you want I will say I'm with the world I just put my temper on you I was there I told you I'm annoying enough do not take any more work on me I want to ask you a question this is Qiu Wei is a soul egg I tell you I I am a pig I speak I speak
(95:45~96:45) I I turn to the world people heart I said what I do what I do and this world there are so many people to to say I'm a cool guy is a good person or a good person look at me I tell you people are less than a year you are less than a year you are more than a year you are more than a year but more than a year don't go I am a pig I am a pig I am a heart I take I take such Qiu Wei is not a soul egg not a pig is I think that Zha Nan that they dare to broadcast public recognition not recognition not recognition public recognition to say these things you say I do not feel I say I say I say
(96:45~98:14) okay that is today's this Wajidian Tai E-P-212 and then this is I am a soul egg mother's part everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet
(98:14~99:14) everything is quiet I am a soul egg mother's part everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet
(99:14~100:14) everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet
(100:14~101:14) everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet
(101:14~102:14) everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet
(102:14~103:17) everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet everything is quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet It's quiet Lam 입니다 説明一下 I was a little bit annoyed about the water drop. And then everyone knew that this thing was short-term, and that it shouldn't be mentioned again. So my wife didn't mention this thing. And then I was busy with other things these two days. So actually, until now, the water drop in the electric tunnel hasn't been changed yet. But let me tell you, when the live broadcast is over, I'll do this thing. I'll do it.
(103:17~104:17) I admit this part is a mess. Okay, I'll turn to everyone's idea. Because I mentioned Li Yichen just now. It's a bit like Li Yichen's story. I'll tell you. I'll turn to everyone's idea. No, this is just me. Li Yichen and I have a common group. And then, Li Yichen mentioned in his podcast, his wife went to IG with his family to play with him. Because, because, because, because mainly because last year, in fact, Li Yichen actually went to many places with us. He threw his wife away in the house. So I think he let his wife go out alone and play with his family. In some cases, it's also a kind of punishment. That is to say, the things in the house were all thrown away to his wife. Now, the family matter, Li Yichen, this man, a big wave, a wave, whatever, is also good. I think that should have this meaning. I don't want to ask, because our men don't ask so many details. I just feel like he should have this meaning. So his wife went to IG. And then, after he went to his wife's house,
(104:17~105:18) the third day, Li Yichen suddenly went to the public group with Dylan. He went to the public group and said something. He said, Hey, let me tell you something. I and the birds, their daughters, they haven't been in the shower for three days. So cool. I'm sure they haven't talked about this on the show. Let me tell you. Li Yichen, you little naughty. Oh, is he talking about this? Is he talking about this? Let me share. Because he actually said before, Li Yichen, I went to some places with Dylan and Dylan, where we three went together, and we couldn't take a shower. We didn't even take a shower for a week. I personally think that he is... I and Dylan, I'm the most serious one. I can't adapt to it. Because that place is under zero temperature. And basically, although I'm under zero, but he's not hot water, and there's no electricity, or even no internet,
(105:18~106:18) I'll prepare towels. I'll go to the west to get water. And the water under zero temperature, it's cold. And then I'll sit there and wipe my body. Only I can do this. Li Yichen doesn't care at all. And then, he said before, his daughter, because she's young, she sometimes thinks, it's annoying to take a shower. Don't take a shower. His girlfriend, his daughter, she said, because his mother is not here, so he just told her, we don't need to take a shower. We don't need to take a shower for three days. Okay, that's it. And then Daisy said, go get water. No need. I'll change it later. I'll change it for you later. I'll put a music on later. I'll show you later. It's annoying. And then the hot air, Bazaarano, Bazaarano, Uta, Okiké, Guajiquan, last week, three staff helped me prepare a surprise, a surprise cake, to remind me of my birthday. I'm really touched. This means that the new boss is very successful. So you've already started your own business. Congratulations. The staff
(106:18~107:18) helped you celebrate your birthday and expressed their respect for you. I think this is a good thing. Samuel Ma said, please change the water now. Really? Oh, right. I should put music on. I forgot about this. Okay, okay, okay. I forgot. I forgot about music. Don't mind. I'll clean it later. You really said too much. I'll light up the show here. Can't I? I should do what I should do. I have a lot to say. Mr. Ako, smile. If you get kidnapped, we'll save you. The boy who will be beaten up is the cutest. No, I'm not kidnapped. Bai Chi. I think I just saw Mr. Ako talking about the situation and mood that can be experienced. He's talking about the story. Sometimes I think I'm really bad. I might be a good teacher. But I have to say it better than many people. I have to say it better. The situation is chaotic. When a point is taken, I'm really angry. I really understand. There's always a moment when a point is broken, there's a sense of responsibility. The relationship is really to cherish the mother.
(107:18~108:18) Your conclusion is different from what I said. According to the conclusion in front of you, the mother should cherish me. Masumi said baby and little flower are now next to the boy. Let me see if I can take a picture of him. Can you see? He's over there. Like a child. He's in a state of being. I guess little flower is now next to him. Yes. OK. That's all. Did you see what you wanted to see? But I still think it's funny. In addition, I'm really thinking about this problem. Because I think their relationship has not always become better. I read a article about the relationship between a cat and a cat. He actually mentioned one thing. He said that cats have many basic needs. For example, they can eat well, sleep well, and have clean toilet. They need to hunt, play games, have fun, and have a lot of space. He said that if there are two cats in the same space, they can't cook well. The biggest problem
(108:18~109:18) that they need to solve first is that they may have some basic needs. They need to try to fill them up. They can be very happy. Because you have to think that there are two people in the same space. If they are both unhappy, do you think their relationship will become better? Of course not. It's not good. It's just getting worse. He might not suddenly feel that he's fine. I'll endure you, you'll endure me. It won't happen. They will only get worse. He will suggest one thing. You need to change the family environment. You need to fill their needs. For example, there are more places to change. There are more hidden spaces. There are more places to play games. You don't need to steal the limited resources. I think he is actually quite reasonable. They are stealing the limited resources now, except for me. Because they will of course hope to be with me. I can't split them up. I might be able to pay more attention to them. The second point is I'm thinking about it seriously. I'll make a big change in the family. For example, my family doesn't have a cat.
(109:18~110:18) If the landlord allows, I'll start to set up some places on the wall to let them jump, to let them hide. Then there are various spaces. Maybe they will play happily. They won't quarrel. I'm thinking about it. They will take care of the baby's voice. Don't talk nonsense. It's weird. You don't know how to play. I'm just kidding. Is it true? I know how to play. And then, although the baby has passed, I hope she will live happily on May 2. Okay, baby. Happy birthday. It's a very difficult relationship or a long-term pregnancy. I'm a bit sad because I haven't felt this kind of feeling. I hope that after your birthday, in the new year, this kind of feeling can be changed. Okay. Then, the first time I watched the live broadcast of the first time I was in the Doune, I sold my own convenience store and moved to a quiet place. The new store has finally been settled recently. The work started at 8 p.m. Then, I packed the store and prepared to eat at 10 p.m. I didn't rest and only rested for a year. I stayed up until 8 p.m. Now, I have coffee every day,
(110:18~111:18) playing with my car, playing with my model and three cats. I'm so excited that I'm doing the thing I'm doing now. Playing with my car is really so happy and satisfying. I'm so happy that I can play the new Larry on the On-Champ My Heart. Okay. Anyway, let's find a song to play the song first. Okay? On-Champ My Heart. Let's play the song one by one. Wait a minute. Q-L-O-R-E. Q-L-O-R-E. Because there are many people who have sung this song. I found it. On-Champ My Heart. Baby, let me be. On-Champ My Heart. Because you don't care about me. You got me sewn up
(111:18~112:20) like a pillowcase. But you let my love go to waste. So on-Champ My Heart. Baby, let me be. On-Champ My Heart. So on-Champ My Heart. Set me free. On-Champ My Heart. Baby, let me be. On-Champ My Heart. On-Champ My Heart. Baby, let me be. On-Champ My Heart. So on-Champ My Heart. Set me free. Set me free. Baby, let me be. Baby, let me be. Set me free. Set me free. Set me free.
(112:20~113:21) Let me be. Let me go my way. Let me go my way Unchain my heart Unchain my heart You worry me night and day Why let me know Why let me know Life of misery When you don't care A bag of beans for me So unchain my heart And set me free Don't be angry, thank you Okay? Please Like the song of the blog The Japanese I just read the little town of the heart It's not the spring It's not me Then Kai Kai said
(113:21~114:21) The music car is good The power is good But the battery is too much The old music car is damaged It's not new If you make a flat car You can sleep 3.0 is good 3.0 and 3.5 The sleepiness is not recommended The discount card is a million I have made a lot of homework recently So I know everything Thank you Kai Kai Why let me know Life of misery When you don't care A bag of beans for me So unchain my heart And set me free Yeah, yeah, yeah So unchain my heart And set me free The Asian tour concert of Tatsuya
(114:21~115:21) I hope you can give a song of Tatsuya The Saint-Germain And finally, I will be the first to be invited 114 514 Saint-Germain Saint-Germain Wait a minute Is it the Japanese song? Let me hear it The beautiful clothes The clothes are worn out One of the clothes I was wearing The bad things were hanging I was dead in between humans The bad things were already coming out And we can see We are On the back of the dead It seems I'm going to cry And then Roy said I'll report this 68 months I'll start to have time to stream in 2 months Thank you Roy
(115:21~116:21) Thank you Roy Then Today, I'm going to be the first to be invited I'm really happy You're still watching I'm really happy I'm sure I can say it now I'm already very happy Congratulations I'm going to start a new chapter I hope you can start To take different risks Since Aga said he's going to buy enough Can I order the money to buy enough Why are you ordering again Okay I'll finish this song Let's think about it Then Then Roll Roll Roll Roller VM I don't think I've heard of Gwaji Gwaji has a plan to buy a house What I don't have a plan I don't have a plan I think
(116:21~117:21) I want to buy a house I don't think I can afford it I don't want to I don't want to I don't think I think money is More beneficial I think I don't have a plan But I really want to buy I sometimes think Maybe I'll buy In the city Because I think I'm a city But I have a strong feeling I want to buy a house But I might have to convince my wife She might not like this But I want to buy a house I haven't seen his video for a long time I know he's sick But because of the fate I often push him
(117:21~118:21) But recently I haven't Maybe he's still doing it But I haven't been pushed I don't know Then TYChance He said I'm 40 I'm 50 I'm still thinking about myself I'm still thinking about myself I'm still thinking about myself I don't think I'm lonely Thank you, no matter how old you are I think so Then What was the song? That Chinese character Is it like this? Should be this one Did I just say this one? Actually I didn't hear this one I'm sure this is the right song I bought a song I bought a song I bought a song It's not Wanhua I want to talk about Where I want to move
(118:21~119:21) I want to talk about the New Zha Jia Li Shan Li Shan is The place where you can meet nature Taiwan is the kind of Li Shan Taiwan doesn't have a culture But there are many in Japan So I've thought about Japan is not bad Because I have a friend He lives in XianTai He lives in a place 300 square meters A building Including the foundation And building It's quite worth it It's like a shadow I'm too bright I can't even reach the bottom I can't even reach the bottom I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold
(119:21~120:22) I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold I'm so cold To step into another path My voice The tip of your hand Is the thing you hold that I want But the reason
(120:22~121:46) His song has been like this He couldn't follow his own心 He can't accept to see her But he's ok This answer may not be what you want, but I'm telling you, there is only one answer. That is, only time can cure your problem. Before you have enough time to talk to your wound, you should try to do some care for the patient like An Ning. Let yourself eat well, drink well, sleep well, play well, and think of your own attention. Until one day you realize that you don't care about the patient.
(121:46~122:54) Do you want to stop cooking? I'm happy to be on the live stream of the live stream of the boss. I'm very much in love with the song, The Moon, by Qiu Xing Hai Yang. I hope I can give it to the boss. Thank you for recommending a good song. Do you want to listen? Anyway, we just read the message and listen to the song. Let's go. Chen Yue Fu said that he used to sell the old car before. After I sold the car, I moved to the center of Xinchun. I spent 30 minutes in the middle of the city. Most people are enthusiastic and kind. I recommend it to you. Thank you for your recommendation. There is also a song about Yi Lan, Jiao Xi. VV said that the boss remembered that Wei Wei, tomorrow is his 16th birthday, he will be two years old. Please sing Wei Wei's happy birthday song. Okay, I'll stop here. I still remember Wei Wei. I'll tell you Wei Wei. Wei Wei.
(122:54~124:15) Happy birthday to you. I hope this name can keep you company. I will never let you feel embarrassed or embarrassed. Chen Ting, thank you. and Wei Wei Thien, Be Myしい There might be mistakes in the beginning, but I think anyone should know the mistakes. Okay? That's it.
(124:15~125:34) The final song is going to be in一次ight with everyone.
(125:34~127:09) undo I was like, what's going on? I can't imagine how much more I'm missing. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I love you so much. I love you. I love you. I love you. I will be your sunshine. I love you. I love you so much. I will be your sunshine. I love you. I love you.
(127:09~128:11) I love you so much I love you so much I'm so happy I want to say I want to say I want to say I want to say I want to say I want to say I want to say Thanks I want to say
(128:11~128:56) I want to say I want to say I want to say I want to say
