(00:00~01:00) I said baby I'm done I'm so sick and tired of the way you just run Say it takes two, you build that trust I feel alone in the so called love I said baby I'm done I'm Yeah I'm so done Yeah I'm so done There's one way love There's one way love There's one way love Tidin up with two but it's 99 Oh no no But there's one way love no no with you and I'm done done done with you Yeah I'm done done done with you You All right, hey, hey, welcome to our Gag's
(01:00~02:01) EP 7 Entering the seventh level of the countdown The fourth week Let's give him a round of applause Thank you Level seven Someone's asking if Gag's going to continue The next unit is already open So Gag's second season may start from the next season All right You go to the business You have you have full of ten levels You have full of ten levels and then open If there are no ten levels we won't record Oh, no I didn't wear the black dress today. It's okay today. It's okay today. I don't think I'm wearing the clothes today I really don't think I'm wearing the clothes today There's a theme that's suitable for today's theme Today's theme we have a trailer Someone I heard someone He's going through the network Then you spend your money To attack Gag's Gag's voice
(02:01~03:03) There's a voice in front To attack Gag's community Oh Oh, so this episode can't be recorded It's okay This episode is beautiful I thought it would be nice to have no news this week There should be no good news Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on The point today is to talk about this Come on, come on, come on Before we start Let's talk about what's been happening lately Have you ever had that We I can Are your accompaniment still here I can You can go and see Gag's He's already here No I'll have to deal with him later This episode You can't tell I just need to play it The copyright will be gone The copyright will be back We just had a chat We just had a video The long-awaited Lefuzetake
(03:03~04:03) We recorded three people And And Everyone is watching The three episodes are interesting I want to make this Yaren Live Because Yaren has sung the broken voice today He's very angry We are recording today Lefuzetake, Yaren chose I can It's a official Official A confession We'll cut it You can see what we're going to do I'm not in a hurry You can see the time The time is longer It feels more awkward Isn't this live? I'm not live Live is about the hot stuff Wow The number of people today is a little less Because there's no news today So it's okay I think you can sing You sing
(04:03~05:03) No, no I'm not going to help you Because If you've heard that I can There's a high voice That voice If the singer doesn't sing It's hard to sing I want to say that Yaren chose this song It's challenging Because it's high The last man is I can I can be happy with you I feel like I'm going to the zoo Don't need to explain anymore I want to be with you I don't want to I'm with you again You are Very high The voice is very high Very high Very high I'll try to sing this song He said He's very loud He said he's been practicing these days
(05:03~06:03) No sound Why is the first take of the first scene No sound Just once Just one take There's a scene Many people say Come on, sing on the scene Sing on the scene Let you make a chance Let's see if Yaren has a little tiger See if he's a regular No sound We'll put a soundboard He'll look forward to the soundboard Oh Because he said As long as the music is 50% off He'll ask for a wedding He might be making a commercial He might be making a commercial Oh There's a loving There should be less people People are watching It should be How do you feel No sound I'll just laugh The effect of this show is great
(06:03~07:03) Great Is there a sound board I'll grab it Sing on the scene You are suitable to sing Because we go to see what KTV is doing Maybe You just finished practicing You forgot to sing on the scene You can cut this After this show I'll pull it off Otherwise the score will be gone Just sing to the live Just to the live After this show, I'll pull it off I miss someone Can't sing well Come Chan Ming is very classic Do you want to take a picture of you Do you want to take a picture of you I'll be outside You can be serious outside Don't take pictures of you Think of my face Which star Wei Wei Oh Soka
(07:03~08:03) applause Wei Wei, you passed the blind spot I thought I can go with you to see the stars Wei Wei is a star I thought it was a star Star star Star The sky is shining The star It's a star of the heart Oh I watched the live today I'm so excited Someone said I want to see the face of the wild man Let him sing well Let him sing I'll google Just take a picture of him Come Sing for the man No I'll turn on his baby's net Some commercial photos I'll turn on the commercial photos You can wear that dress To see the stars I'll see the rain
(08:03~09:03) Rain Is it on the set I'm watching the live I'll show it to him It's okay Jie You're watching the live right You should wear I'll change the cover You call Oh, there's more Damn It's supposed to be like this It's supposed to be like this So that's it I really didn't think of it I really didn't think of it Oh I can go watch the stars Star Star Come A pair of hands A pair of hands You should be more serious Don't put too much strength in front of you You'll have strength in the back I'm too nervous now You'll put too much strength in the beginning
(09:03~10:07) Don't do it so slowly It's like this It's like a explosion Go ahead and sing Don't put too much strength The second time I'm not nervous I'm not filming you Live broadcast I'll pull you out of the live broadcast Okay, okay, okay, okay I'll give you 4000 people first I'll listen to you sing Welcome We have this Yanan Very fast-paced I can He's been practicing for a week Two days Two days I heard it's completely unbreakable The background music can make a big sound Okay, applause Welcome our Yanan Zhou Yingqian
(10:07~11:07) Who's singing You
(11:07~12:07) You I'm so Every time Beauty Is because of you Hello Yes, yes, yes The first part is very good Very good The number of people is not down Come on This kind of mood There is a distance Oh, you Who's singing Is this kind of mood Can you tell me The rain It's raining It's quiet
(12:07~13:07) Is it you In the rain Oh, happiness It's really not easy In your background I love you I can You You I'll You I don't want You I don't want You You I'm so Every time Beauty Is because of you You
(13:07~14:09) How How I welcome Beauty Who's singing Is not necessary I want to Be with you I don't want I'm falling in love with you again I'm falling in love with you again It's because of you Can you see it? Give us a round of applause! No break! It's better than afternoon!
(14:09~15:10) Sorry, we have to cut it for you You're really like this It's a taco You tell me if you really come and pick a song We're gonna do the encore We're gonna do the encore What? We're gonna do the encore We're gonna do the encore The encore We're gonna do the encore The encore You sang well So it's a bit more nervous this afternoon Not really It's better this afternoon Wow, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care. I think I should be okay when I'm singing. I don't care if I'm singing. Oh yeah, weeeeeee. There was a comment called Li Xin, which is really fake. It's just that I'm smart and call Li Xin.
(15:10~16:10) He said, hey, why did you call me out? Okay, then why? Why? Why can Ye-Lan sing so deeply? And she's so good at physical. Because she must have a liver. That's right, we've seen our liver time. Why is it so deep? Why can your eyes be so bright? Why did you pick such a true beauty? Why? Why? Why did you pick such a good company? You must have a great liver. That's right, our liver today is our elephant. You're so strong. That's great, that's great. This is Ye-Lan's ex-faceted company. Ex-faceted company. That's right, ex-faceted company. Although Ye-Lan likes to have a company that has returned to the country. We even have his ex-faceted company. He has returned to the country. But his emotional aspect is definitely...
(16:10~17:11) This is emotional. The emotional aspect is his personal thing. He can't do anything about their IG. Ye-Lan's ex-faceted company is Xiang Ruiya. Really, really, really. Xiang Ruiya, we've been in a lot of business with him. He sold a lot of products. He has launched a new product. Let me introduce it to you. Let's introduce the original product. The protein. The protein is the same as the protein. There's a hole in the hole. There's a hole in the hole. It's the protein. It doesn't have any artificial ingredients. It's a preservative. Some of them are sweet. The flavor is so good. But it doesn't have anything that has any ingredients. It's better to have it with the group of the company. It has two components. One is the protein. The other is the protein. You can't say that. The protein is not healthy. If you have a big chest, you'll be a little dizzy. The protein is not healthy.
(17:11~18:12) So, like me... You have it. Like me, I have a point. If my wife has a big chest, I'm not very healthy. So, we choose this. We don't need the protein. It's okay. You can choose this. You can eat the protein. This time, it's different. It has two components. Eight components. One package can be put at the end of next year. At the end of 2020. If you have two packages a day, you can have three weeks. One day, two cups. If you have two cups a day, you can have one month. So, you can have it. You can have a good time. There are some new products. Someone said, who will give birth to a mother first? It's not healthy. It's not healthy. It's not healthy. The new product he launched.
(18:12~19:13) This is not open yet. Brother G is not open this week. He just came out. He is afraid of the source. It will be open in September. There is no problem waiting for three months. Because it was open in February. So, if you haven't finished drinking, you can have it in September. If you finish drinking, you can have it now. You can also have it. If you can wait, the new product will be open. New product. Wait a minute. NCC will punish me. I might have to make a mistake. Come on. I have to make a mistake. I don't have the time to tell you. LPC. It has a good effect on LPC. It has a good effect on LPC. It has a good effect on LPC. LPC. It is a good product. It is suitable for anyone. You can go to work.
(19:13~20:14) Or you can go to work. Work is a good thing. What is inside? I will tell you later. It has oil and oil. It has a good smell. That's it. It has good things. That's it. How about this? You can have it in one day. You can have it in one day. I will teach you how to make it. How to make it? Come on. I will tell you later. It is useless to eat it. It will be sold out. I will have two more. It is small. It is small. How to make it? Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground.
(20:14~21:14) Good thing. The point is that it is expensive. It is expensive. It is too expensive. It is a box of 30 boxes. How many boxes? It is a box of one month. It costs 6,000 yuan. It costs 3,000 yuan. It costs 3,000 yuan. It costs 3,000 yuan. I will tell you later. You can give it to your audience. You can't give it to a 8-year-old. You can't give it to a 8-year-old. You can't give it to a 8-year-old. It is a 5-year-old. So what is the 5-year-old? It is sold out. So it costs 1,500 yuan. It is sold out. It is sold out. It is sold out. Let's go. It is sold out. It is sold out. You can't give it to a 10-year-old. No, I can't. It is sold out.
(21:14~22:14) It is sold out. I can't look at this. The commentator is not good. He is collecting all the work. He is collecting all the work. He is helping family to use the paper. I am not telling you. How do you know? Oh, I'm not sure. I'm gonna try. Another new product is this. Oh, this is a photo. NMN's white rice medicine Shiguang Jiao Nang. What is this? This is youth beauty. Youth beauty. I don't only think boys can eat, I mean girls can eat. Boys can eat too. This is Japanese school's NMN. This is a Chinese specialty. White rice is pure white rice. White rice is pure white rice. What is this? This is youth beauty. Youth beauty. I can't understand. I just thought that you want to be a captain.
(22:14~23:18) You can't understand, right? I'm not sure. I just thought that you can't understand. I can't understand. I can't understand. Austo is M accomplila. Stupid. So handsome. So handsome. Maybe at the place, he is aafty to ask me that what I'm doing so hard for you to say. You don't know when you will be back. You want to have a debate about it, right. What do you want to say, what are you after today again? Good Shhen Tai姿之鴉 the Golden wiggle the wiggle
(23:18~24:19) Br The password of some deaf andoss Yuwei
(24:19~25:19) You can choose this kind. I don't like the smell. I don't like the smell. I don't like the smell. He likes the smell. This is a bag. I ate three bags today. You will lose. You will lose. You can't say that it doesn't have a taste. It's just a little bit. It's just a little bit. Because it's a mix of water and salt. It's still a little bit. You said it's not that small. You are really scared of fish. You can't put it in the freezer. Or put it in the juice. Or put it in the soup. Or put it in the soup. It shouldn't be hot. It's not hot. This is also a one-on-one. How many is it? One, two, three. All of them are for sale. Only during this live broadcast.
(25:19~26:19) And you don't want that. Fish oil. Fish oil. It's the lowest price. It has two bags. Four bags. Omega 3. The total amount is 95% of fish oil. It's all gone. Introduce to you. During live broadcast. During live broadcast. 100,000. 100,000 will be sold. 100,000 will be sold. For sale. On the wedding venue. VIP. The first row. The main table. If you buy 100,000, you will get it. No. It's only 10,000. It's the first row. 20 is one. So it's 10,000. The bride and groom. 10,000 will be sold. If you buy 3500. The protein.
(26:19~27:19) 3500 will be sold. Because you need the protein. The powder. The protein. The Japanese. It's a sticker. So you just said. Japanese. No. No. It's not good. Many people want to buy this. It's 10,000,000. Or you can buy it. You can buy it. You can buy it. The sticker. It's not happy. It's a sticker. You can put it on. The foundation. How to put it? Put it on. Like this. It's a sticker. The cup is a consumption. The cup is a consumption. It's a sticker. It's our discount. The free one.
(27:19~28:19) The price is low. 2000 is free. But it's also a product. Besides the delivery. The product. As long as you pay 1500. We will give it to the company. The product. 3000 is free. The product. 6000 is free. The price is low. The more you buy. The more free. The more free. The more free. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. If you like this. You can click on the link. The product. I will wait until September. No problem. Because today. We didn't have a discount. We have a sale in the afternoon. Thank you. Do you have the name of Xinxing? Yes.
(28:19~29:19) No. You know what you know. I know how. I know how. How to put it? That's it. Like this, like this Like this He's a little bit That's how he's like a brother A brother like a brother like this Like this Like this Listen to it I'm asking, who is Xing Xing? You'll know in the future I can't hear you, go watch Xing Xing Don't know what you're doing Right? Do you want to hear him sing? No, right? Yes We're finally singing We're finally putting the song Waiting for everyone to leave a message When asking questions Sing a song Or you can sing a song too I haven't heard you sing a song for a long time You sang a song You were in the 12th month of last year And you sang the same song It's boring So wait for him to sing a new song Do you practice singing? Of course I don't practice How can I practice singing? Who wants to listen to me sing? Think about it Or do you want to call me to sing? Because we have Tako at the scene
(29:19~30:20) Tako wants to sing Sing it Tako wants to sing Don't sing the song of the old man You can't, he's not a singer He wants to listen Because Tako doesn't know how to sing new songs You have to call the old man And he can't sing the song of the old man He can't sing the song of the new man If you want to sing a song, you can't I can't sing a song You can't You can't sing the song of the old man You can't Who? Tako, you don't know who you want to sing? You can't He doesn't know who you want to sing He doesn't know He's a singer Is he a singer? He's a singer He's really a singer Let me check He's been singing for a long time He's been popular for a while I've heard of him, I don't know his name You should have heard of his song You should have heard of his song The song of the July You can If you sing the song of the July I don't have to cut it I don't have to cut it You can choose one The song of the July Okay Which song?
(30:20~31:20) The old man The old man is good The old man is good The old man is good Now he's the old man The old man The old man is good The old man is good I'm going to tell you I don't know how to I don't know what you want to do It's okay, I'll talk to you next time Okay, so we're done with the night Thank you for watching Our brother's voice See you next week Bye bye Today Today's singing is over Our theme will be next week Hahahahaha I want to sing this song All right, come on All right, come on Okay, okay, okay Let's talk about today's theme Today's theme Brother Street or the News Someone is going through the dark You must attack Brother's community What is it Share with him
(31:20~32:20) Share with him This theme is actually Brother is in the first episode It's always out of the story Originally the first episode It should be the second episode It should be the second episode The first episode is the first broadcast It's a bit of a hot and warm broadcast You want to talk about the second episode But it's always out of the story The seventh episode is talking So this thing is probably About April The thing at the bottom of April Share with him this source How is it Come on, come on Let's just show him this dialogue Just share this dialogue with everyone Brother because he usually Is going to draw this iG The message Then I'll see if everyone has anything Because it's also very long Brother will receive some netizens' messages Listen to friends' messages They will say I'm here Where are you Brother, I'm here You see Momo That's the big guy Oh, you're going to look at the moon Look at you
(32:20~33:22) What's up The east area of the moon is High-class High-class Big-class The big guy And a little bit of a I'll say this Say one or two times Say two times Oh, not a little I'll call it a grandson Oh, yeah Call it a grandson Very enjoyable Call it a grandson Not to say that the power plant is a blessing It's not Not I'll tell you Call it a grandson Call it a grandson I don't want to call one Call two or three Call two or three That's a big guy Say it's very comfortable Eat like this Eat like this That's a big boy That's a big boy I'm not going to say this You're not a blessing Really Someone reported Someone reported really Oh, that's a photo of me Oh, really Oh, I'm going to tell you something That's a big boy He took that photo That's a photo of me Look That's a big boy Look Big boy Ha ha ha
(33:22~34:23) You see what you're doing I'm going to press this You're going to press this Okay You said it's not because of the oil It's not good to wash the oil There's a possibility There's a possibility Yeah, and you said it's the end of April Yeah, yeah, yeah That should be the time That's the time Yeah, April April It's the end of April I feel a lot of things Recently it's better I'm not going to say it Yeah Many netizens Listen to the audience They will give me a message I'm watching him in the universe Where is the universe? Where is Momo? She will appear in some place at night She's in the universe I'm going to tell her like this She won't go if she hears it She won't listen Yeah, she will listen She will listen to your show Yeah What's wrong with you She just loves me and I can't love her She just loves me and I can't love her So she hates Li Bei She just loves me and I can't love her She will appear in the universe Or I just crossed a bridge I didn't read it before I saw her live in Luzhou Maybe the same community
(34:23~35:24) I sent her a phone call I took it So what's the matter So I still go to the sea Oh, we have no information Who is it? Then there is this This Let me provide our information So this show is April April I have information Come and share with you He said Brother Do you still need Laura's news? She is a It should be a new account She doesn't have any friends Then there is no small account It's a small account Maybe it's new too No pictures No pictures I don't have a horse She didn't have pictures Oh, she said Brother Do you want this Laura's news I am also a Taiwanese I am abroad I have some friends to open a company I received a message at 9 o'clock this morning Want us to work on your community channel Then he may be Brother's fan Of course he is concerned about the domestic news So he is guessing
(35:24~36:24) Is it possible that it is my employee Then this account I will delete it soon If you want to know the next message Please look for me Telegram Oh, very mysterious Telegram Telegram Telegram Wow Telegram and then left this account A link to me Look at second hand Second hand Just focus Brother is very careful This account is not a problem You can just send it Oh, it's so funny Brother, you look Brother, you buy it quickly Then just throw away the second link I will not be scolded by him Then I will eat it No matter who you are Remember to come again I will not be scolded This kind of link Come I will not be scolded I promise not to be scolded Then he will continue to talk about it And you may not only be cheated 3,000 million Because our company Have verified that he Want to spend his assets Then he said this person His money for retail Almost 11 million dollars 11 million dollars You count it It's more than 3,000 million It's more than 3,000 million Right 3,000 million But it's just a account
(36:24~37:24) Almost 4 million What does it mean It's just a account He has a lot of accounts But there is a account Almost 4 million Then he said Brother, give you a little bit of information What is our number? What is the private number? What is the family number? The account number is only connected I have to delete it If you need more information Please contact me Telegram Wow He said I haven't seen it yet I haven't seen it yet I haven't seen it yet Then here Then the first day of the boat I didn't see it So the second day he was going to continue to boat Brother, please ask you if you need Maybe it's a rumor He continued the second day He hasn't deleted this account Because I haven't replied to him yet But continue to talk about it Brother, please ask you if you need it I don't need it I don't need it Okay Then I saw it later I saw this message I saw this message later I replied to him Oh Of course, this message We first Believe him with your own heart But don't be too confident Don't be too lost So I replied to him I said hello
(37:24~38:24) How do you contact you Because I don't have telegram And I didn't know what telegram was before I saw it Telegram is It seems to be popular a few years ago But there is no popular social media Something similar Telegram Telegram Then it seems to be used abroad It seems to be popular abroad Is there a Skype in abroad? Skype seems to be gone I don't know It's a violation Telegram Telegram I said it's useless So we asked him if he had any trouble He didn't contact me I just want to know deeply If this is true That may be very helpful I can provide it to Lawyer I can check the official I can go to check Because he said His virtual account There are a lot of money in the cold wallet I'm a little reasonable Because he actually made so much money I think he hasn't finished it yet Even if he bought so many bags It's not that much I think he didn't spend so much So it's possible that he went to the cold wallet I went to the virtual currency
(38:24~39:26) We are We are We suspect he went to the cold wallet Maybe his friend is familiar with this Maybe he will teach him Our district fast chain this piece Oh, someone said Skype Skype is gone Skype is gone It's over Okay Okay Then he said Can I mail it or send it to someone He said okay Then I'll send you a mail No, he just lost a mail Brother G is saying this He asked if you can register Telegram Because it's more convenient to send it to strangers So we didn't add it We will use this mail later This contact Then he said, brother G, he continued At 8 o'clock in the morning Then at night At 8 o'clock in the morning Then 10 o'clock Continue to send Brother G, give me your mail To be honest To be honest, I'm not sure if this person is him Because he only received the news that someone Want We Go to attack brother G's three channels So he is a comprehensive comment Comment After the comment
(39:26~40:26) Recently, people who don't like me may have Lingora Then the person who wants to hurt you He really thought it was Lingora Maybe he is less concerned about brother G Because he wants to hurt brother G This person may not be less Brother G has been This has been a lot of people for over ten years Everyone's line up Yes, so maybe the line up may not necessarily be Lingora So we don't want to be so small Just Lingora Let's understand what the question is Then I won't reply to the following Next, what you see The following I didn't reply to anything I said that I didn't get it Then go to the contact with him How about the following Yes Because I just got back Are you sure it's true first You check it out Okay If you are sure, we will deal with it Then let's take a look at the content of the mail It's fun Let's take a look at the content of the mail Then we have this Hello This is the message from the fan Then we understand the situation first
(40:26~41:26) Let's ask first The first one to ask first Is it certain that Laura's own tail is attacked Isn't it more important You guess it's Laura Then are you sure Or have you found out who that account is Who is it Fang Mu Fang Ma told us The second one You mentioned that you want to attack our community How to attack Is to exchange our YouTube Exchange our IGFB Or to remove our account password Or how to attack So he asked The audience asked if it was a negative message Go to the message area On purpose Just a few negative messages Under our page Many negative messages What is the life attack Still want to exchange our social media The second question The third question Then do you know which three videos He said he was going to attack under the video Not the channel Is this video Yes Under the video It's not a channel Just below the video Which three videos Is that YouTube Or other social media platforms
(41:26~42:27) Didn't say clearly The fourth question What about the verification account you provided Is it just one of the accounts Is there any other account information Because he has mentioned a He has a screenshot He has a screenshot Hey, this is his account Come, let's take a look at it together He said hey this This is his account Let me see This this This is his account He has already had 3000 3000? 3000 usdt 3000 usdt usdt He said he had a screenshot He said he had a screenshot He had a screenshot He used 3000 dollars We want them to attack our three channels So about 90,000 dollars 10,000 dollars 10,000 dollars 10,000 dollars You can go You can go to the channel to attack If you have the knowledge If you have
(42:27~43:27) Come to the message Howsuya said Last time I said I would lie to you when I called Gele The person said this is High school 70% of Gele is fraud 70% of the new version is fraud I'm not wrong Okay, he said this This is because of the virtual currency The network is not familiar with this He just picked up a picture I saw it Oh, come on, this has 3000 dollars Then he has an address I just took it off Maybe a nickname His account He said this is the one He wants to attack us Attack us So we asked him to answer our questions Let's see how Let's see how he answers us Okay, come on Oh, come on, come on, come on He's the first one So we
(43:27~44:28) Everyone, please take a look at me Because I haven't answered him yet Because it's been It's almost two months So I didn't answer him in that month You can help Gele to see Is this real or fake I don't know what he's doing Because I didn't answer him later I don't know if he's going to laugh Okay, let's take a look at this He replied later I've been in the phone for a long time He said we were around 8 p.m. in Taiwan Already Haven't given this reason for too long I returned the money back Our partner thought he would pay for this money Go to the investigation If I have the results, I will inform you Then he replied again We found The email He is a U.S. trade lock called Blah blah blah Trash Trash Trash Trash Trash I don't know I don't know Trash Trash This is a U.S. trade lock There is a trade lock The name of the car is called A foreigner named Dan Ken
(44:28~45:30) But the phone Can buy something Trash Trash Trash I don't know if he's small anymore If you know what the training and the currency is How to do it Welcome Welcome Welcome to share to Gele I'm Gele now Okay Okay, let's talk about it later Then there is a little bit of trouble here He's working so little So we're going to We're going to talk about it Do you want to make a joke It's getting more and more suspicious I don't know if I'm talking about him anymore I don't know if he's talking about him anymore The first one is that I haven't posted for a long time Then he wants us to attack Recently posted Then let me take a look at that one It's a very boring video in the afternoon There are 543 live broadcasts There's nothing special We need to attack the video That may attack Either the night-time video Or the main channel Yes, the most worth attacking I think it should be teaching everyone If you want to attack Gele's video You may want to attack the night-time video Because our YouTube is based on
(45:30~46:33) The main content and the night-time income So you have to attack during the live broadcast Make some negative comments Hey, hey, don't want to watch it, don't want to buy it Gele is on the edge, I don't want to buy it Gele doesn't want to buy it Like this Come to fight You will see it It will affect our night-time So we will be more relaxed So it's a night-time video But let's go and watch the night-time video that week There is something normal below Other worth attacking places It should be attacking For example, I posted a video about Laura All up I posted on April 1 Maybe he's going to attack the one below He's not happy about it So on April When the bell I took a lot of money Then I'm going to write a message below But I went to see the video on the whole The video below is normal There is no part worth attacking So there is no Alex He said yes because he was right Because he was going to attack the video It's Miss Lin Oops
(46:33~47:33) We have to catch the direction He hates me So it's true that Gele was right at the beginning Can't get you Can't get me If everyone can't get me, I'm going to destroy it Not destroy me It's going to destroy my people He can't get me, I'm going to destroy Li Bei So on the one hand, it's a sign on the outside Li Bei is a thousand gold Big card He said I was bad I said Li Bei's bad words He has bad mother and bad mother How is it Not good Just come back Just come back Then it's not right Forget it, I don't need to reply I think 100% is fake Don't reply first See what Gele is going to reply Okay, then No, I didn't reply He's just sending me messages He started explaining to me Hey, there's something up there Everyone can take a look He said I'll tell you about this problem Gele, I have a suggestion for you First of all, the main channel Don't post a video for a week Then we'll have a reason Go to pick it up Don't need to say two times the amount in your video
(47:33~48:35) Two times the amount It's nearly 200,000 As long as you add 3,000 dollars and 5 dollars What kind of data fee will you give us Next is the case of the network I'll know about it here But you're going to laugh I want money with you This one This one is already so expensive Don't reply Because we did receive the news before He wants to do some hand-pick in the middle Super stuff on the Internet Or buy some news Buy some wind-up Buy some netizens to attack At that time, we received real news So we posted a video In a few months, a video said If you received this report If you want to receive it If you get money Ask you to attack us We will buy it with twice the amount You will attack him back But this news is true Our proof is really for him to buy Or who he bought through It's true
(48:35~49:35) Or you have a contract with a fund What? We will buy it with twice the amount So he just said Don't say that you have twice the amount Don't ask for more than 20,000 Because he stole our 100,000 Then you give us 100,000 The cost of the operation is better The cost of the original price is yours What's the matter Be careful that it was originally the part of the money Okay, it's over When we came here, we knew that you were going to be cheated So we'll tell you later Later, see what he's going to say He just told us What is this secret website Share it Share with everyone What is the secret website The specialty of the website is that Generally, people can't contact you So someone must be teaching him or helping him Then come again Hit wrong again Again Then come again The most common thing to do is 身份資訊, phone call, etc. The same Can be issued a discount on murder You can also be charged with a lawsuit There is a follow-up to the truth
(49:35~50:35) There has been a lawsuit for a lawsuit for the past life Yes yes yes yes yes But you are different from him Because he doesn't know where We are in the name of him in the case And we come again I have a child but he didn't That this debt, his mother hit it wrong again I can help you keep an eye on the case This is not a waste We originally took money We made this job to take money Because we like your video just now And your fans leave it to me Do you see if you need it I help you keep an eye on it If anyone wants to drag us To you or your child's family Do some things I help you keep an eye on it I help you get out of it Death is a disaster Let this thing don't happen Okay To this side I still didn't go back to him I still didn't go back to him I just click on it for a few days I didn't win either Just click on it for a few days See what he's going to say Okay Then continue He came to see this He continued to say
(50:35~51:36) Then we still have to ask him Who is he going to register Right? He said he was a friend of mine That Deccan Deccan registered Then he also said It's hard for you to take back money He owed you money He should not have taken it back His friend only wants a bite of death This is my personal money You can't take it back Because he put all these money All in his friend's virtual account So you can't deduct it It seems pretty reasonable But actually in Taiwan If you put it on your own The name of the cold wallet Actually, Taiwan can't catch it Even if he put it on his virtual account We can't catch it either You are that You are that account is Laura Lin He is his Laura Payton Lin I can't catch it either Yes The procurator is going to deal with it Cold wallet is completely fine He is an outsider No problem Okay, he continued He continued He didn't mean to delete this account Continue to lose He said we are about this 80 Must pay 3,000 dollars I haven't found you for too long I helped you to return
(51:36~52:38) Brother, don't worry It's okay The return is now Our partner has already Check the flow of this money Come and find the flow of this money Is the American Exchange The American Exchange Then okay Then continue Come on, continue This side has already added this rotten boy I have already known about this rotten boy here He's just telling a story Yes, I just want to see you What else can you tell He said this name is called Deccan What does this name mean Because this name has a total of 45 million people called Deccan And in the dark world There are more than 30 people in Deccan Hey, guess what we found Hahaha I want his mouth to be said There is one of them About 30 months ago It was used on the IP of Singapore Because of this 3,000 dollars He said he was looking for this person That's right Then another day I told him this 3,000 dollars in the afternoon I will go out of my stand first I have already I personally personally have given it back to him
(52:38~53:38) And this is my fund account Brother, look at it I've already helped you to get this fund account So what is it So so it means I've already paid 3,000 3,000 dollars Give me quickly I've already helped you to handle it It's okay He's not going to attack you anymore It's all good And it's my personal opinion I know it first He's not a company manager No, my partner has already helped you to handle it So I didn't reply to him the day after tomorrow Brother, if you've ever met him Are you sure this is Rua Tong Huo For the sake of So-called Please give us 3,000 dollars Now it's a corner You personally Need extra money You can add or not add Because it was said to be twice You can add or not add We don't want to add twice Although we are doing this Human blood is quite a business But good people change people We can tell Brother, you are a good person We are good people I'll take a look at you I still don't know him So the next person said It's not him, brother You also read the information I told you the news
(53:38~54:38) Not all Google can find it easily You have to find it yourself Maybe you have to spend $40,000 to find it You can find so many information for $40,000 It's pretty much a good deal It's a good deal He said brother It's a good deal It's a good deal He didn't think of him He didn't think of him Then continue talking I don't give you a chance to answer Because the phone is like this It's a mobile phone So if I don't know what he's talking about I give you If I was asked the question I know He said if I stole too much If he was caught He will have a problem He is the secret If you really want to know Call me Then you use the purple letter What does it mean if Can't talk So we may call a視訊 And then we use the purple letter And then show him I use the watch Why don't you keep the record No sound record And then the most important thing is Hope you can give us the money I'm still not sure why he's saying that. He said that after 4.30pm, he can come over. Don't fight at 10pm because I'm sleeping.
(54:38~55:38) You want me to give you a phone call? Give me. Hurry up. Let's warm up. You and me. I'm still not sure why he's saying that. He's speaking English again. He's probably thinking that... I don't know why he's speaking English. I don't know why he's speaking English. He's saying that he's doing business with foreigners. Okay, okay, yeah, yeah. Okay, you give me 4,000. If you've single information, I provide it's fake. I will return you 10,000 dollars a day. A dollar. Okay, he's saying that he's getting it. Give me 4,000 dollars, right? Later, if you find out that this is fake, it's okay. I'll give you 10,000 dollars a day. I'll give you 30,000. It seems like it's quite a good deal. You're making a fortune. It seems like it's quite a good deal. Anyway, you give me 10,000 dollars.
(55:38~56:38) 10,000, 12,000. If you find out that it's fake, it's okay. I'll return you 30,000 dollars a day. Why did he change to 4,000? I don't know why. Wasn't he still 3,000? He really called. I missed his call. It's over. It's too bad. Okay, the last message. Because I didn't answer his call. He said, I'm tired. I don't know how to reply. I don't know how to reply. Because I'm still open. What happened recently? I said, I don't need money. I'll give my own money to the team. Thank you. I still need to warm up and educate my brother. He said, I can't help you. But what do you think I'm doing? You can't do that. I'm so helping you. I have 3,000 dollars. I'll give my team a lot.
(56:38~57:38) I said, if you find out it's fake, I'll return you 30,000 dollars. I don't want to reply. I'm really helpless. I'm joking. Even if you don't know how to reply, I'll return you. Okay, that's it. It's over. I don't think I'll reply. Because he's tired. He's tired. Maybe the account is cancelled. The account is cancelled. It's over. Okay. So, the coffee is a bit bitter. I don't know if it's real or fake. It's a bitter thing. So, today, I want to discuss with you the information. It's real or fake. Because this method
(57:38~58:38) may be real. But it's a bit out of the question. Yes, it sounds reasonable. If he doesn't have that much money, he might be fooled. Let's take some more time. Let's drop it. Drop it. Let's see how many we can attack. Let's take a look. Yeah. I bought it. Yes, we bought the ticket for the last two weeks. It's the first time. My friend bought it. He went and came back. We need to drop a big one. You're too young. Too young. Too young. You can't stand it. You'll get a horseback tomorrow. You don't need two cups. You can give me 100,000. You can't stand it. It's not a good idea to negotiate. Yes, it's not good. You need to drop more. Give us some evidence.
(58:38~59:38) Let's believe it's real. You can go to the internet. You can spend money. You can just drop it. You can spend 100,000. You can go to the internet. You can even buy news. Buy news with no money. How much money do you want? Just buy a few thousand. Use fake account to leave a message. Leave some messages. Some messages that black powder will leave. Then, send the messages to the viewers. That's it. First, send two more. Then, use 10 fake accounts. Then, use 10 fake accounts. Next time, send another news. Alright. Only one? Really? Yes. You can buy other news. Because we have benefited from internet. You can go to other country. Make sure you can do business with your internet. Running your channels Like Shandoone.
(59:38~60:38) So, you know what? Right? So, some people say that it's like a part of education and fraud. So, in the future, you know what? In the future, you have to make a big deal out of it. You have to make a lot of money. You have to learn how to do it. You have been doing it for 3 or 4 years. You have been doing it for 3 or 4 years. We know him for 7 years. We know him from the beginning. He was a partner in a movie company. We saw him and helped us to get this job. Then we saw Liu Dehua. We thought that he would be a fake Guo Fucheng. I was not there at that time. But Liu Dehua, I saw him. Did Guo Fucheng be a fake? He was a fake Guo Fucheng. And when we saw Liu Dehua, he was a fake Liu Dehua. He was a fake Liu Dehua. After we started the relationship, we went to your company. We took the case. We took a small one. We took 20 or 30 thousand.
(60:38~61:38) We took it slowly. We took it slowly. We believed him. We took it slowly. We took it slowly. The industry is not easy. The industry is not easy. So you have to take it slowly. You have to be patient. You have to take it slowly. You can't take it out of the fire. Don't be too anxious. Just say it. Just say it. It's annoying. You have to be patient. You have to be patient. You have to be positive. Don't be too close. Because I won't be too close. So you just take it out of the fire. Be patient. Take it slowly. He can make a picture. It's not hard to make a picture. It's not hard to make a picture. He doesn't want to spend money. He wants to make some money. He wants to make some money. That's right.
(61:38~62:38) And you can attack too little. And you can attack all the community. Yes, you can attack three people. You can attack ten thousand people. You can attack too little. It's not reasonable. Right? How do you survive those new jobs? Ten thousand dollars. You can also spend one or two hundred. With the wealth of Lingloura. They made three thousand dollars. You can count it as making more than three thousand dollars. You can make three thousand dollars. He didn't spend money. He just made a few hundred dollars. Because he didn't attack only these people. He is in trouble. So this... It's over. It's over. So you can make a picture. Because he is not chasing. Yes. I will help Brother Gao. To check it. If you know the password. Or you can use this piece. Let me see the information.
(62:38~63:52) Or you can use this piece. You can use this piece. You can use this piece. You can help Brother Gao to take care of it. Or someone is using the password. Yes. Or you can use this piece. Brother Gao can't spend ten thousand dollars. No matter except using password. You can also use this piece. Otherwise you can just make charges. You can't buy me money. Or quality up to sea. Sure. Well. Now I'm telling you. Brother Gao needs to take care of it by perfect understanding the password. Otherwise you can't use the password. You can use this piece. Brother Gao. Brother Gao doesn't invite you to cut footage, right?
(63:52~64:53) I was looking for a way to record this part and I was like record a few Kakao songs You didn't help her to push her to record? Ah, she's so considerate because she knows that Kakao is not a good singer Right? It's too big No It's like when you wear a shoe, you always have Kakao Not a good singer That's not what Kakao likes No, it's a fake Many people are filming I'm wearing a shoe I even took a picture of it I almost couldn't think of it Many people are filming Who else? Dika didn't even take a picture Right Dika's video is so high We're old Not a good singer She won't take a picture after the festival People don't have a festival I'm not a good singer I'm not a good singer I'm not good at making photos I don't know I'm not good at making photos Oh I'm sorry You're so sorry She said she was under a lot of pressure
(64:53~65:53) Kakao was a bad singer She was afraid of selling bad things What's the big pressure? She was afraid of selling bad things No You sold a lot of bad things If you sold bad things, you'd have less If you sold bad things, you'd have less She thought it was bad Sorry, you and Li Bei You didn't send me an AV Sorry, I'm with Li Bei I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry You should come to this year I'll buy you a drink I'll buy you a drink So you didn't have an appointment this year? Yes We have an appointment We have an appointment We're looking for a place to go We'll be back after the film Don't do that We'll see what you like It's different Yeah I said I'm not bad at making photos I said I'm not bad at making photos Yeah Or Erbo said no No Erbo said he's not bad at making photos No, he's not bad at making photos And he's not bad at making photos He's not bad at making photos Yeah Don't make photos Don't make photos Make photos Make photos
(65:53~66:53) What do you mean? I don't mean it What? Why? What are you looking at? There's a new photo It's a new photo Look at the photos Is it a new photo? Let's see if they can make photos Okay We can take photos We can take photos of the two-line and three-line photos The one with the highest top and the biggest The one with the largest top The one with the highest top Yeah Why didn't you come to the filming? I really came Wow, what's the special feature of the first day of filming? The moment is close I took a photo of it Everyone has a photo I don't have Look at the screen Look at the screen Look at the screen The photos are all done The photos are all done Only Anitta didn't come to the scene She didn't hear She's busy She's busy The business is so big She's selling the tickets She's so big She's like playing abroad She's playing abroad It's so cool She's so cool
(66:53~67:53) Someone said I really didn't find the photo Okay, I did find it Our plan is actually in the past Last year Actually, I thought about taking this plan last year I thought that tomorrow I should be the head of the advertising team I think there should be a plan for the next year I thought about taking two plans I just threw it to Anitta I thought, can we do this? She said it was a bit too much Too much? She said it was confirmed So she's looking at this So it's our plan It's a bit too over What? One year is more than one year They're not going to be able to handle each other What's so funny They're counting on you They're touching your head What's so funny They're taking pictures They're lying on the bed They're all taking pictures They can take pictures They've taken pictures You have to be a bit more generous It's too big It's getting scarier The more you pay, the better
(67:53~68:55) And I came out of this plan I have to consider Some other plans I've admitted to The video of the show I just threw it to Da-99 Da-99 I said, it's almost done Little Nine has been happy He said, you've been happy You should have asked Da-99 So Da-99 thought it was okay It's okay I said, how about this How about this He said, Da-99 is done It's a positive thing I told him Li Bei just sent him a message Because I'm going to broadcast a video for him I'm just going to broadcast the video on the computer How about this Li Bei just sent a message to him Da-99 is a positive person A positive person He said, wow This is not going to be a good thing This is not good A positive person What's the matter He said, I love you I love you Love our friends Love our family Dad, let's go to the bathroom You don't know The camera turned around Da-99 was next to me
(68:55~69:55) Da-99 said, you have to take this I'm going to take a picture of you Look, you don't know how to use the camera Now Do you have a knife? It turned out that the teacher Was next to Da-99 No wonder he didn't take a picture He's still kneeling on the desk To answer you Okay, so this plan It's a big mess It's a big problem It's fun Those two plans are super fun So he said he wanted to take a look He went to communicate Okay, okay See how he taught you I taught you Okay, there's still time It's been eight months Eight months There's still time Yeah Come on, now TRUE TRUE The most famous Yau Zhou The most famous Now Go light up Let's clap You're gonna open the show I'm gonna open it But I'll sell it I'll open the show Really Yeah
(69:55~70:56) It should be the set Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, okay. Okay, so let's buy another brother's team. Oh, the 18th floor. Okay, the later, because he has a few party promotion party, right? There should be other girls coming. Let's look forward to seeing what kind of girl can accept. Can we play like this? Or is it our payment? I told them we're paying. I said yes. We can fly over. We'll fly over. I told Anita that we can fly to Japan by ourselves. They don't need to come. Yeah, it's okay. Okay, she said no. We'll have to get caught. Oh, it's hard anyway. Oh, yeah. Why did you fly over to find them? It's more convenient for them. He just doesn't have to fly over. He doesn't have time. He still has to pay the tickets. He still needs to accept the payment. We'll just stand there and maybe rent a place to live. We'll just go out and spend the money. Okay, so we can rent a place to live. We'll rent a restaurant.
(70:56~71:56) We'll just ask her to come over and spend an hour to finish the payment. That's a good idea. Maybe she really doesn't want to work with me. Yeah, she can. It's too much. It's too much. Okay, we'll take a picture of these two pictures. It's so cool. It's fun. It's not cool. Who's the last one? Not Uncle Joe? It's okay. It's okay. Uncle Joe said, go ahead. You can take pictures. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Okay, one hour. One hour. It's almost done. It's almost done. It's only been one hour since we started. We... Come on. We still have to answer the questions on the line. The Q&A time of our online friends. We still have to wait for the song. Want to? Want to? Someone said, don't say T-T-E-S. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear it either. I don't want to hear it either. Oh, yeah.
(71:56~72:56) Yen is T-T-E-S. Yen is T-T-E-S. Yen is T-T-T-E-S. Nick said, go fuck your brother-in-law. I have time. I think he hasn't come out yet. If he's been under pressure, he'll be here for three months. You said, pass him a door. Don't play this game. Don't play this game. Don't play this game. You'll be there for him. You'll be there for him. T-T-E-S said, make a boy to make the girl feel good. Every time the boy feels good, the boy feels good. We just started to record yesterday. I said, don't make that boy. Because AB's boy usually doesn't have that handsome body and that good. There are handsome boys, but very few. I said, make that Korean boy. Right? Make that boy look handsome. That's how it works. Okay, you found it? Yes.
(72:56~73:57) Now, we can start to leave questions. Leave Q&A time. We'll let the Chai Dongkwan sing a song for you. Which song? Which song? The song of the fast-paced person. Yes, the song of the fast-paced person. The song of the fast-paced person. Are you sure? Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. Okay, let's do it together. Okay, if you want to go to the toilet, you have to go... You just ordered a Fupenda already. You can go get it. Yes, I can go get it. It's about the same size. About 3 minutes and 30 seconds. Who's the boy? The one who's going to smoke. You can also smoke. No problem. We'll leave the time in 3 minutes. You can guess the answer. The same place is cute. The same place, right? So, Chai Dongkwan, you're watching Nam You. What? Nam You, so, we're in the wrong direction. I'm here to apologize to Chai Yihong and Chai Dongkwan.
(73:57~74:57) We're in the wrong direction. You're wrong. We're in the wrong direction. We're in the wrong direction. No wonder you're so happy to see Yiren back home. I'm sorry. No wonder you're so familiar with our show, Arun. I'm a junior. I'm familiar with Arun. My video is for Arun. Wow. When we were in college, we had a physical contact. Yeah. We were making mistakes. Chai, sorry. I was always introducing AV, and you were making mistakes. You were introducing a female worker. You knew her. I didn't. You're wrong. Okay. This is her personal history. So, we have to show her her own. We can't help her. We can't help her. We can't help her. We can't help her. We can't say we can't help her. That's right. No wonder you and your female colleagues, Zhe and Hai, made a sense of sisters. A sense of sisters
(74:57~75:59) between female and female. No wonder. It's okay. That's not right. Chai was the one who made the mistake. Chai, I understand. It's not like don't do this. But... I understand. She didn't deny it. She didn't deny it. She said she did. She didn't say no. She did. She didn't deny it. She didn't deny it. Yes. She said she was a friend. She didn't know Chai for so long. I'm sorry. She was under a lot of pressure. She was going to be expensive. Chai said you are a male ghost. You are a male ghost. You are a male ghost. You didn't make a mistake. You are a ghost. Okay. Chai Dongkwan, get ready. You can ask questions. Okay. If you want to go to the toilet, you can go to the toilet. Three minutes. Chai and I brought this song. We are in the year of the year of the year of the year. A very fast-paced 12-story Chinese song
(75:59~77:01) for the 12-story theme song. It's a song from the old days of July. It's starting. It's starting. It's starting? It's starting. Let's go. Yes. It's going to be a dream. Wow. Wow. Go. Go. Go. Go. Sweet Queen. I can't do it at all. It's starting. What is this part? It's earlier. He is pretty. Nice! He is a cute wordtien on the CNN Oh, My God,
(77:01~78:02) Not yet. 带玩MVP 拿出我们与众不同的坚强 朝月了输营根至今較凉 就一起闲西狂风巨浪 嗯? 嗯!什么? 我就没有跟他 看你唱对啦!快继续啦! 对大气梦想啦! 我的连区一直在刷问哈! GO! GO! GO! GO! GO GO SINGAPRO widgets GO GO GO
(78:02~79:03) And lose it The sunshine And lead to my home The bridge scene We gave it up Mission accomplished signal Peter went to the field 像八個八光 像一顆太陽 人數掉500囉 發出燦爛的光芒 燦爛的光芒 拿出我們與眾不同的堅強 超越了樹影跟自己較量 就一起掀起狂風俱樂 C'mon! 拿出我們無所謂的心臟 請等也在我的主意 就一起加油
(79:03~80:03) 就一起加油 就一起勇敢 學會吧! 再來加油! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Secret! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Like we don't feel la! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Taiwan! Wuyi Ding Ya! 這是你的那個配樂嗎? 靠北! 我怎麼覺得不一樣? 怎麼有人說這是網軍攻擊? 有人留言說這才是網軍攻擊 通過你的符合人數直接掉500 我就說不要唱吧! 就一起的救是救命的救 好,留言說只有 GO是準的 有嗎? 但是音準準 你看沒有音準,不要講 GO哪有什麼音準 GO! GO!就 GO
(80:03~81:03) 但他拍子不對 沒有,我就覺得音樂怪怪的 沒有怪怪的 還好不是這個版本 不然中華隊要輸了 夢想沒了 夢想不想支持 聽完都不想支持中華隊 根本沒有人再問問題 謝謝蔡長華讓我煩悶的一篇 笑到爛掉 唱不好還怪配樂 你看,大家很專心在聽我唱歌 唱得很好下次別唱 耳朵炸裂 機會不多 這首歌你怎麼可以這麼不熟? 可是平常我在車上跟蔡米寶一起聽 我都覺得我可以唱 我覺得蔡米寶,蔡波龍,蔡桃桂的唱 他們一定比你好 夠是很準的 而且中華隊加油是接得上去的 蔡米是拍子對的 沒有,我剛剛就覺得音樂怪怪 我平常接得上 沒有怪怪 你剛剛不是直接拉我們的配樂
(81:03~82:04) 你網路找了 原唱那邊 你雲德不就有正版的 高音質的嗎 而且這首歌在上個月 我們美國大都會的 台灣日 今年是 佳永傑 佳永傑去開球 開球的配樂就是就一起 你看看 不夠意思 你說在找你嗎 找我們去現場唱 委恩有說下次去找他玩 可以去找他玩 委恩是我們大都會的 台灣的窗口 台灣日他一手吹聲 對,可以辦到現在 有跟他保持聯絡 所以你有四處這樣的想法 你事前知道我們會播就一起嗎 不知道,他是已經都結束了 然後他傳給我 他說今年是播這首歌
(82:04~83:05) 客氣了 下次應該明年 明年我們還可以再去唱 明年,那就要看我們經典賽打了 因為明年經典賽應該有新的歌 經典賽,因為我們是12強的歌 12強的經典賽應該不一樣 但如果經典賽還是 漢創然後窗口 也沒變,那我們是很願意 他當初是有說希望可以用好幾年 真的嗎 中華隊用好幾年 他有這樣的夢想 老師人家多慣了 可能預算很多,乾爹乾媽很多 那所以也是預算不多 他來找我們 沒有 我現的預算,當然我們做到高規格 對不對 高品質的音樂 剛好運氣也不錯 每首歌其實都有他的命 我們音樂人都會講 這首歌有他的命 大家一定會覺得我們做的歌很好聽 我唱的都很好聽,但一定有他的命 我覺得這首歌的命也不錯 剛好遇到
(83:05~84:05) 明年 蔡哥說 蔡哥也同意 他說我可以 可以幹嘛 他在QQ的人唱一次 他也可以去 如果 現場 live 版 沒問題 浩哥 都去過 紐約 看 明年東京 看不看買 先買 展現 蔡哥 等一下要拉一下 還是先問漢創 團圓的票都先買 期間 前後一天都買 禮拜就在東京 所以只要有 打過去 不要 明顯
(84:05~85:05) 穿口 先買 要先 去停你們 這樣就好了 話講到這邊就夠 不要太多 年輕人才會太急少 我們都停好 再出來 請你吃個飯 這樣 人到了 他們就不用再 交通費 去 也停了一個禮拜 欸 可以 蔡哥 現在你們已經有兩個人 半年訂 明年的行程 馬叔一定有 馬叔沒什麼事 馬叔 馬叔現在 像七教子 不對 先敲
(85:05~86:07) 先買 先買 好啦 八點半了 今天也聊了一個半小時 今天 有聽到 前面 Yaren 唱歌 有聽到有福氣 等下 影片 要聽的可能去 妳就播 搭配 Yaren 聲情的表情 蔡龍漢就一起這段 應該是沒有版權的問題 應該沒有問題 因為他唱的音也不準 他用的背景音樂 他慢還到板 我就不懂為什麼 我明明有正版 高音子的背景配樂伴奏 他硬要去網路抓 人家消音的版本 我就不懂為什麼 原來人家認識問題 結果沒有要問問題
(86:07~87:07) 有一個 牛頭反問說 請問哥哥白色衣服要怎麼洗 我的白色衣服不多 要洗一洗有點浪費 用手洗的話要怎麼洗 要洗得乾淨呢 白色 不就丟 你就都白色的 白色衣服怎麼洗 白色衣服 白色衣服 白色衣服 白色衣服 洗 如果四五次 剛好就逃開 因為他開始就已經沒那麼白 白色衣服 就這樣很白 穿起來才好看 要怎麼洗 可能你有沾到東西 有業配 有一個靜靜的 專門在噴 要發問時間 靜靜專門在噴那個物質 你洗之前先噴一噴 如果你有
(87:07~88:07) 盡量不要跟其他顏色一起洗 如果你是那種已經洗 但已經洗過很多次 其實也不太會退色 你就可以放在洗袋 跟其他顏色的衣服一起洗 也是ok的 漂白水 這樣會變質 洗衣機 現在很多是 水的 節冷的 如果是那種洗衣機 水費也便宜 你就調低水量 調低水量 現在有很多那種快洗 比如說 之前有業配過 會額普 非常好 共通洗衣機 你只要按那個按鍵 再加上快洗 大概20分鐘時間就可以洗完了 而且非常的深水 它會依照你衣服的量的大小 去注入它應該要有的洗 20分鐘 20分鐘?
(88:07~89:07) 這麼快 快洗 非常的快 非常的深水 非常的節能 這一段應該可以結給 尹尊 說大都會的尾恩 現在已經不是負責台灣日活動 他的老闆也換人 補一下台灣日的話題 真的 所以他現在在拿命高舊 他不是還在大都會 還在轉去盜旗 如果那個盜旗 台日友好日也可以 大鼓 搭配我們這個7月半也可以 也可以是嗎 沒錯 所以他說 明年台灣日或怎麼樣 以後是未知數 所以今年可能是 它最後一屆嗎 所以以後明年可能不會 有就對了 他還在大都會
(89:07~90:07) 但沒有負責台灣日這個活動 有可能 他也服務在滿久 我們再關心一下 大聯盟的球隊可以看到這個台灣 整個就 外面還有一些活動 大家有球衣 很棒 以上就這一集 有人問說 有沒有 收到大學生剪片的 沒 看不上我們 但是我有 收到 剛剛哥是有收到 剛剛 收到5月天的信 陳董 我等一下就發 大學生 寄信給你 陳董 真的是陳董 有發信來給 今天 沒有問題 我已經截圖了
(90:07~91:07) 大消息 等一下再鎖定一下 夢幻合作 怎麼不得了 夢幻合作 下一集 同一個時間 真的 陳董真的有寄來 我真的有看到 我馬上就熱線 馬上就熱線 下個禮拜 同一個時間一樣 鎖定 剛剛哥自身進入到第8集 第8集一樣 最後感謝 向日牙 我們有推出 新產品 字義達 經論 白離之藥 時光交囊 買一送一 有需要的朋友 底下的連結 如果還能夠等的話
(91:07~92:07) 酒也會開團 蛋白粉 如果你還沒吃完的話 禮拜會再開團 有吃過 都會持續再回 今天 因為之前 做了製造過程 他們全程參與 有大力推薦 有需要的朋友 連結 阿拉很多人 下禮拜應該沒什麼事 沒什麼大事 沒事了吧 上次你講完這句話 我幾乎 也會被詐騙 沒事啦 這裡 因為 因為 六位的形成 開始 沒問題 OK See you next week See you next week
(92:07~93:07) See you next week Bye This one way love
(93:07~93:11) This one way love Whatever I do
