(00:00~01:02) 
(01:02~02:04) I You
(02:04~03:05) Do Mommy I'm going to show you the camera. I'm going to show you the camera. He's going to show you the camera. I've been introducing the camera since last week. I think the baby is concerned about this. I was preparing for the live broadcast. I was sitting here for an hour. Why are you watching my live broadcast? He's angry. Don't press it. Now they're both starting to fight. I was sitting here for an hour. I was here for an hour. I didn't even say a word. Then while they were all bottling up, SON obviously knew which camera him was taking. Did I tell them? SON bios had arrived. Are they being mad at me?
(03:05~04:06) He was my camera of course. No仁美. Kit was my camera. Wait. Hi! Okay, don't be noisy. Hello, hello, hello. Do you have any response now? Do you have any response now? Now stop. Because I said that he just pressed the button. I said that I didn't do anything wrong. When I was just quiet and ready to live, there was no cat opinion. Baby was here with me. Just like usual. Every day. But as soon as I started live, I was angry. I said, Oh my god, who is coming here? I asked, Tell me why, baby. Why? Sorry, my voice was a little small. Because I was set up by the button. I changed all the sound effects. Let's start from the beginning. This is the official start.
(04:06~05:06) This is the EP21 of our Guaji radio station. The title is 2011. What are you doing? Just now, it was the 21st episode. And then the theme of 2011. I didn't mean it, but it was a coincidence. I asked why I mentioned 2011. There is a reason. I will introduce it to you in the end. Why I mentioned 2011? What is special place this year? I have to say that I am not the theme today. I want to talk about something called a little ghost. It's a funny thing. But I suddenly feel like talking about 2011. 2011. It's really cool. Well, I was a little confused. Now, I will go back to the background. I will talk about something. I want to talk about a social girl. Social girl. I will tell you first. Actually, I went to the recording a few days ago. I saw this article. I saw that someone posted a very bad thing. I wanted to be in the mountains of Simacus. Because I went to Simacus. It's about 1500 kilometers away from the sea. The weather forecast that day was warm.
(05:06~06:06) It should be about 12 degrees at night. But it's a pity. It's about 16-17 degrees. But it's not so cold at 12 degrees. The point is that I was in the mountains that day. I didn't even look at my phone. I looked at my phone for a short time. I may have looked at the thread for more than 30 minutes. But I saw something. A boring politician. He posted a crazy patient named Zhang Jiangchun. He wrote that social girls are all social girls. Because he used Yang Shuyang's song. Women can also do men. But this sentence is actually at the point of female power. Power is not the father. It's the father of the father. Empower. Women can do men. This sentence is actually meaningful. It's not a random speech. But if... Of course, this is a person with a strong voice. He will listen to it. Yang Shuyang said that women can do men. I'll tell you. There are a bunch of social girls in the social circle. So many people support this. They hope to meet these social girls. They can have a chance to go to bed. They talk about this kind of conversation.
(06:06~07:08) I wanted to reply to this. But I thought about it later. What kind of bird is Zhang Jiangchun? I even said that he is a bird. Because I have to say that although there are many people watching this live, he is like my own little brother. I think sometimes the media will be here. But if I reply to this, I will be in the news. So I don't want this to become a news topic. So I thought I would say, I don't want to say this. But I thought, is there really a social girl in the social circle? And this question is not important. It's good to have one. But is there a problem? Is there a social girl? Do you have any opinions? Which place doesn't have a social girl? There are girls in the world. There are girls in college. There are girls in the workplace. There are girls in the social circle. Where are there girls? There are girls everywhere. There are girls in the public. Isn't this the truth? When Zhang Jiangchun said this, he didn't think that there are people who are lucky to have a previous one. He was lucky to have his fans and supporters. At that time, a fan
(07:08~08:10) just told him that Zhang Jiangchun was lucky to have me. He gave me the evidence that Zhang Jiangchun had a word on his butt. Zhang Jiangchun was still very upset. He said that my butt didn't have a word. But later, when the court sued him, he suddenly changed his mind. I don't have a word on my butt. But I really have a word on my butt. Look at this guy. I just want to ask him about the social circle. What do you think he is responsible for? Is he qualified to talk about social circle? If you are a former Catholic, and you have never been in a relationship and you have never been in a relationship, I will really admire you. I will respect you. You can say that there are girls everywhere. You can't win or lose. What should you do? You should respect them. I think it's your religious faith. I respect you. But you are not like this. I feel so bad. How can someone say this? I felt so bad at that time. I feel so bad. How can someone say this? How can someone say this? I feel so bad. How can someone say this? I feel so bad. And I am still a person who is in a relationship. I really feel so terrible. This society is crazy.
(08:10~09:10) Really. No, no, no. I just feel so bad. But I also hope that everyone will be very sympathetic and low-key. And they will scold me. Because this is nobody. I just saw this. And I am so angry. I really feel so bad. I am so angry. I am so angry. I am so annoying. Sunny Day Service is on June 27th. We will perform at Lexi Taipei on Friday. Will you go there? I also hope that I have time to go there that day. I will reserve the chance. I hope so. I hope so. Because the schedule for June hasn't been recorded yet. After all, my personal entertainment is not high-end. I have my own work schedule. So if I don't have work schedule that day, I might go there. Maybe I will go there about a month ago. I will be more sure. Probably. Let's not talk about it. What do I want to talk about? Last week, I didn't mean to say that. I was late for this. I was sorry. I was talking too long. It was boring. Someone complained that an old man was explaining his own personal behavior. It was very late.
(09:10~10:10) I am sorry. I felt that I shouldn't have explained so much. It didn't make sense. I mentioned that the next day I was going to have a meeting with Li Yichen and Dila. And Zhizi was going to have a meeting. Zhizi said, you'd better not be late tomorrow. I said, if I was late, I would be in a hurry. I told everyone how many points I would get. I told everyone two points. I said, two points. No, it was two points. Two points. I said, one point and fifty-five points. I went to the door. The next door was actually the store selling fish-sauce. I asked directly when I met Zhizi at the door. I said, do you want to buy a fish-sauce? Do you want to eat? I bought it for you. I made it directly. I just cleaned it up. There was the fish-sauce outside. There was the time. So I didn't have to rush. I really felt that I was very worried about Zhizi. I felt that I had to press a button. Then at the same time, then I went to the speech on Saturday. That afternoon I forgot how many points I had to get.
(10:10~11:10) How many points I had to get? Four and a half points. Anyway, I wasn't late either. I was on time. Then they were delaying the time. But this kind of large-scale activity, they would usually delay. So when I went there, I waited for a while more. But there was no time. Then that's it. There was nothing to say. That day was like that. I didn't have to particularly introduce what happened that day. Actually, it was fine. Then on April 20th, then I went to the beautiful Lihua opposite. Then there was Wu Zhen, Miao Boya, and Lin Liangjun. Then we announced it together. Then this schedule was at 3 pm. Qiu Yijie wasn't late either. He was in the morning before 5 minutes. Then that day, because the main person was Lin Liangjun. Lin Liangjun actually was in the morning. He was in the setting area. He was with his staff. But I want to tell you one thing. Actually, that day because we are old classmates, everyone actually felt that each other was in the same time.
(11:10~12:10) Then we went into the talk. No matter the age gap, everyone felt that each other's back is the same. So we actually sat down and sat down. We didn't think who was the main character. So at that time, Lin Liangjun didn't tell us who was going to talk first, who was going to talk later. This is completely not clear. For example, in the speech at the 419th speech, actually, there were 20 or 30 people to talk about that day. But his order, who talked 5 minutes, who talked 10 minutes, how long each person had, actually, there was a clear message. But on April 20th, actually, there was no one. Then I actually don't know when it would turn to me. We only have to say that the event is from 3 o'clock to 5 o'clock. I have a feeling that I will definitely not be the last one. Because after all, I am not choosing now. So if someone is going to leave today, with the popularity, with the current current, this, how to say it, is the most political power in this situation, in fact, I personally think it's not me, it must be someone else. But I also don't think I must go up first. Actually, I don't want to go up first. The first one is to take over the opening, to heat up this scene. I really think that I don't want to do this thing.
(12:10~13:37) But I see Lin Liangjun on the scene. Then the time goes down. Five minutes have passed. There is no other way. Wu Zhen didn't come. Then Miao Puiya didn't come. I knew it wasn't easy to get this person to do this thing. So I thought I would be the first one. I can't afford to push down Lin Liangjun there. Then I just went up to the stage and then the first one to speak. Then Miao Puiya came only when he was half a year old. Because I have been with him for more than four years. Really, Miao Puiya may be very busy. He has a lot of activities. So this is already very habit. Then I just want to say one thing. 418, open meeting. 419, go to the stage. 420, the street announcement. Three days, I didn't get to eat. I don't need to eat. If someone wants to eat chicken, it's 30 minutes late. Miao Puiya, not me. Then it's like this. I just want to share this thing with you. I really don't know how to eat. OK, this week in the autumn festival, it's a new person. Not a late soul.
(13:37~14:37) Hey. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes.
(14:37~15:37) Yes. Yes.
(15:37~16:37) Yes. Yes.
(16:37~18:07) Yes. Yes. Yes.
(18:07~19:07) Yes. Yes.
(19:07~20:08) Yes. Yes. Yes. Actually, I'm super busy this week.
(20:08~21:08) I go to Simacus on the weekend. I'm back on the weekend. I was supposed to record the new material. Do you know that the whole process is super-difficult? Do you think Simacus is a very easy place to go? The location of Simacus is in the new area. But it takes more than four hours to go up. Why? Because the mountain road is too difficult to go up. It's not like from Taipei to the new area. In fact, normally, it takes about an hour or two. But you know, the mountain area is open. The time is about 20 to 40 kilometers. Come and go. It's really not easy to go. So I have to go back and go back. I'll go back and go back and go back. I'm not kidding. So I'm recording there. And then I have to do a bunch of things. And then I have to record. And I have to... Because they... I have to talk about it later. Because later, because... Because this is the main thing that Chen Bo-Hui said. I said that I can't go on the weekend. I have to do live broadcast on the weekend. I think Chen Bo-Hui didn't disappoint me at least. But he said, How about the third week? I thought that the third week was too hard. You have to know that I'm on the second week. The third week. I'm still on the second week. I'm still on the night. And then I'm... I'm back after the night outside. I came back home. That moment. That night. I didn't have time to eat with my wife. But what can I do?
(21:08~22:09) To drink with Chen Bo-Hui. These two men. I'm telling you. This will never be good. My wife will be angry. But you are. I thought that. He has been openly doing this. If I'm talking about it. Everyone will think that Qiu Wei Jie doesn't want to eat with everyone. Qiu Wei Jie doesn't want to drink with everyone. I think it's too hard to talk about it. So I knew what to do. I knew that. Okay. The third week on the week. The third week on the week. But don't go too early. We'll be there at about 8 o'clock. Because normally. Now the public opinion. Usually the show will be on at about 7 o'clock. So add some communication time. So I think 8 o'clock should be just right. For me it's more like a hesitation. So we want to say. Okay. We'll be there at 8 o'clock. We really have time to talk. I went to that scene. Say this three people. Chen Bo-Hui and I. I and Wu Zhen. Even though I have eaten separately. Chen Bo-Hui and I are also often in various interactions. But you are. These three people. This is a sentence. I actually didn't have any impression like this before. Then. But I have to say. Chen Bo-Hui is really one. I think you know. Because I and Wu Zhen are very obvious. Taipei children. This is Chen Bo-Hui. A male child from Kaohsiung. Chen Bo-Hui is the one. He is very friendly to everyone. And he always wants to meet.
(22:09~23:10) And then he leaves. He really does a very passionate person. This is really a wordless. He is like this. But at this time. He came and he just said something. He said Wu Zhen. This person. Very. How long ago. Just tell me. So I want to save a situation. Then make a brotherhood meeting. Then find some in the political circle. Everyone is more young and young. Since it's a brotherhood meeting. It should be a man. Then meet everyone. Then. This mutual affection. But I've been talking for so long. I've never really made an appointment. You see. Taipei saying. That's it. But I tell you. I'm not like this with Chen Bo-Hui. I really have a lot of times. Because he's too late to make an appointment. I can't do anything. But I have to go to him. I have. I often go to him. Okay. This is a question. Come. I don't explain the details. The point is. We three are just eating there. Everyone is very happy. Then we actually talked about some. I can't talk to you now. Because. In fact, at the beginning. Of course, everyone is talking about some things around. Talk about the current political situation. Then I ask. Hey, how much is the Democratic Party's support now? Because if I look at it. If I only look at the pressure. If I only look at the stress.
(23:10~24:10) You will think that the public's support should have been over 50%. How much should it be now? Similar to this topic. We will talk about it. I don't know if it's two hours past. And the more we talk, the deeper it is. Then. When it came later. That Chen Bo-Hui said a word. He said, you know what? Qiu Wei-jie. You are that. A student of the G.U. class. College of考上大学. I am the G.U. class. College of考上大学. Wu Zhen is the G.U. class. But the person who didn't go to college. But I didn't expect that. So many years. Who is still studying? It's just that. I didn't go to college that year. We two. They are not studying anymore. Then he said. Life. The memory is really different. Because we actually really. Because we really talked about some. Some quite psychological content. It's really not what we can talk about here. So. At that time. He felt very happy. He said. You. You. Have you noticed? We had dinner today. We had three hours. Hey, let's talk about this. We didn't drink very fast. About two hours ago. About three of us. Just drank. Maybe five or six bottles of beer. Actually, it wasn't very fast. Then. Then. It's that kind of big bottle of beer. Just five or six bottles. Then.
(24:10~25:11) Originally at eight. Drink to ten. Then he said. We finished this bottle. Everyone went home. I thought. Can go home. Can be explained. It's great. So. We just. I want to say. Come on. To solve this. But I didn't expect that. Because. After talking. Talked. And talked. Very happy. Just finished one bottle. I just saw. Chen Bo Hui. The person next to him. He said. One more. I thought. No way. Then. This bottle. Drank. In the next hour. At least drank five or six bottles. It's not over at all. It's really too exaggerated. Then. Anyway. Just drink like this. Keep talking. Talk very happy. Chen Bo Hui. Talk about this. He said. Really. He said. We. Should. To. Give this brotherhood to live. Then. Everyone. Long time. Talk. Look at us. Three hours. Talk very happy. No one is watching. No one is playing. What are people saying outside? I think. This. This is really great. I think he's. He's very content. To talk about this. Then. It's very serious. Tell me. I think you should come out. You want to come out. Specifically. He also mentioned some of his. He's very practical.
(25:11~26:11) How to choose. Where to choose. But I don't talk about this. But that. I want to. I was with Chen Bo Hui at that time. I also. This. Say. This live broadcast. Talk about this. I told him. This week. When I won. I sent a text. The text is. Actually. This week. I went to a hair salon in Taiwan. It's a hair salon. You might think it's a small place. Actually not. It's a. I don't know where to start. Maybe from the south. Or from Taiwan. Where to start. A. A hair salon. And the whole business. About 1000 people. Then. The boss. Then. Invite me to go. Then I went. Just. Packed a. This. The restaurant's. A big one. A factory. The scene is. About. About 600 people. Then. Then. There. Invite me to talk. Then. That hair salon. That hair salon. Called. Round 2. Then. Invite me to talk. That. There was a very interesting thing. Actually. Because I usually don't. Grab hair. Hair. habit. So I. With a cap. Then. Clothes. One. C. Then. But why. Clothes. Not because.
(26:11~27:12) I like to wear. Clothes. Not. Because. I think. The factory. Must wear. It's because. That. The. Is my. Business. Because. That. Just. Then. He looked at me. He said. You don't want to grab hair. You don't want to lose hair. I usually don't do this. But it's a speech. Not to take a video. Don't lose hair. So I told him. I think it's good to keep it natural. That. That means no. Then. Asked. The boss asked once. I think it's okay. That's it. After a while. He brought another person. That person. Because later. I saw him sitting next to him. I feel that. The boss. Is a volunteer. That person. Maybe. A character like the silver medal. Anyway. The director. Is also. He looks like. His. The second hand. The second character. And a handsome young man. Then. The boss asked. He asked me again. Do you need to. Lose hair or grab hair. I thought. Why ask twice. Is he really concerned. Is he a beauty group. I think. Is he. I didn't grab hair at all. Later. To talk to him.
(27:12~28:12) A hair stylist. He thought. The professional image. Not enough. So I told him. I think. It's good to keep it natural. But if you think it's important. Just. Leave it to you. Arrange. He. Can't take it. Immediately. The one next to it. Look at the person. The person. Say. This. Get rid of. That person. Starts to grab hair. Then. Then. Is. Got a bunch. Made. Made a lot. Not my usual style. But I think it's good. This is the professional image of the person. So I think it's good. That's all. That's what happened that day. Then. When the speech was over. Actually that day. There is actually a very interesting place. The speech was over. Probably. I think it's two o'clock. Two and a half. Then. I still have to go with the shooting. The scene of the night. It's related to that suit. Because I don't know how long it takes. So I expected. I imagined. Maybe it's going to take until the evening. Then maybe I can come back after dinner. But I didn't expect. I only took about an hour. About three and a half. I finished shooting everything. I went that day. I went with Dong Ye. Then.
(28:12~29:12) Then. Dong Ye. Then. I told Dong Ye. Then we asked him to go back to Taipei. But I don't know why. Dong Ye suddenly told me. You can go back to Taipei. But you can also go to Hebei Coffee. I thought. What do you mean? Dong Ye asked me to go to Hebei Coffee. Really? He said. You want to drink coffee? Why? He said. He thinks drinking coffee is a kind of life-threatening. I asked him. Do you have any particular coffee shop? He took out his Google Map. It's a famous shop. That shop is called. Face. P-H-A-S-E. Then. Then he said. This one. He wants to go to this coffee shop. I checked it on the Internet before. Then I want to go to Hebei Coffee. Then I'm interested in it. I said. I've known Dong Ye for so many years. I never knew he would go to tea. There's a cool coffee shop. He wants to go to Hebei Coffee. He and Cai Ling often do this. But I always thought Cai Ling wanted to do this. Dong Ye just followed him. Like a good friend of mine. But Dong Ye is the one who is the third-largest.
(29:12~30:13) He wants to go to Hebei Coffee Shop. Beautiful coffee shop. Then he sits there. He drinks a cup of ice-cream. Then he ordered a gold-shaped Basker cake. Then he took a picture there. He was the one. I thought it was a little time. So I said. OK, let's go to eat a cake. Then we went to the coffee shop. Then we ordered coffee there. Then we had a Basker cake. Then we took some photos at the scene. Then about an hour later. Then we went back to Taipei. Then we went back to Taipei. Then we had a high-speed train. Then we arrived home at around 5.30. Then I was a little bit hot. Because I think it's a little bit hot. So I rushed to the morning. Then I changed into a changing clothes. Short pants, slippers, T-shirt. Then I thought it was still early. It was only 6 o'clock. My wife hasn't gone home yet. I went to buy a dish. I can cook dinner by myself. So I went downstairs. I was wearing a very light clothes. Then I went to the supermarket nearby to buy vegetables.
(30:13~31:16) The weather outside was very hot. Then the wind blew over. It was a hot wind. I felt very tired. But because I dressed up very gently. Because I just went through the morning. So I think this cold wind doesn't make me feel uncomfortable at all. I just think that at the moment I'm going to buy vegetables. It makes me feel very happy. I will tell Chen Boye. Simple. I didn't talk so long. But I simply told this story. I told him. One person will feel happy to buy vegetables at night. Do you think he might want to choose? If I go to choose. I won't have this life. I won't have this thing in my life. You know. Next is. 100% of the time. I will fight with it. I can't think of these things. What? I went to the camp on Sunday. I went to cook at home on Monday. I didn't have these things. When I was eating with him that day. Actually, I met another person. That person helped us buy the order. It's a gentleman named Lin Shendong. He actually, if I go to check it out. You can find some of his news.
(31:16~32:16) He is the chairman of Huanan market. I didn't remember. He is the boss of Huanan market. In the year I was appointed. In 2022. He had some interesting conflicts with the leaders. But this is not very important. The director is a person who has been on the news. You can hear it. There are secret relations between the market and the greedy. So it can be considered as the head of the political field. If you want to choose. You will definitely go to pay him. That day he drank 1.9. Then I saw Chen Bo Wei. He immediately said. Yi, this Li Wei. He said hello to him. I shake hands with him. Then I talked to him a lot. Then he looked at me. He didn't know who I was. But he asked me. I thought at that time. I was also an actor. But it's okay. Maybe I'm not famous. I don't know the political field. But this is not the point. I don't care. Do you want to be recognized? But how to know? He suddenly told the boss. He told me. I will handle this table. Money is mine.
(32:16~33:16) So we don't have to pay that day. Because someone asked for a lesson. Then Chen Bo Wei said thank you. So he took 9 cups. Then went to the table. Do you know? If I still follow the political people's logic. In fact, at the beginning. He held my hand. No matter if he recognized me or not. Actually, I should introduce myself. I am Gua Ji. I am Qiu Wei Jie. I used to be a Taipei City doctor. Song Shan Xin Yi district. How how. Where have I met you before? How how. I always want to talk about something like this. Weibo. Or some common things with him. I didn't say anything. Then Chen Bo Wei went to get 9 cups. When I went in with him. I thought about it. Do I want to go this way? Do I want to go? But I decided not to. The only time I spent my phone. When Chen Bo Wei went to get 9 cups. I took out my phone. I started to be there. Hey. Threats are talking about something interesting now. I just spent that time. Threats. I didn't even go to get 9 cups. I I I tell you. The future is really hard to say. But in my heart now. It's really a little.
(33:16~34:19) Make a positive. Plan and heart. I didn't even have it. I don't know. Why do you think I think. I just think I'm a. Happy. A bird living in a hot spring. Where do you want to fly? Hot spring is everywhere. Rying. Ignore aggressive. I go round and round. Finish at once. It's fine. Fighting so easily. Don't think he is too brave. That's not a good idea. I went on padding. Back to the shoot. Looking at. The tile celadon. Inada's challenging. That's an important thing. Come out. Pretty face. It's opening. Ready to open the door. To open. Roger. we can already go to shopping for foods underestimate this cuteatz
(34:19~35:36) the song for 못来 he is the hot potato ... ... ... ... Yeah Yeah
(35:36~36:37) I went to another place, at the door of the Legislative Council, to travel in the form of a horse and a horse. I've been there for four years, and I've been there every year. I'm the only one who dares to do this thing. But... But actually, I can only say one thing. So I'm very concerned about all kinds of social issues. I'm also very happy to share my time doing this thing. But this is to wash my head off, and then do this directly. There's really a big difference. But I can totally understand why Chen Bo is so eager to do this. Because they're all thinking about what kind of brotherhood this is. They just want someone to be able to fight together. I understand this all the time. But I think that at this moment, I really don't have any plans for this thing. So if anyone actually has some doubts about what I want to do, I can only tell them that I really don't want to tell anyone about it. For example, Qiu Yuejie, she won't come out to pick this life. She won't watch me do this thing. There's nothing that I can say for sure. But at least I'm not going to do this thing at this moment.
(36:37~37:37) And then a few days ago, I just sent a piece of a article. And then I sent it on Twitter. And I said that I met Shen Boyang at 419. And then that... That... Puma, he told me that he had a observation. He found out that he felt that on the Internet, people who often come to scold him or attack him, they all have been exposed. Actually, this may be the Internet. He didn't say 100% but he said that there are many things that may not be clear. For example, the account was locked in a private page. And then there was no meaningful social interaction with others. I don't know when this account came out. He may feel like this. But he said, but let me observe, many people who scold you are real, not Internet. At that time, I thought, Puma, you can see this is very powerful. Because I often tell others about this thing, and others don't believe it. Because sometimes when I was scolded by others, some of my friends or people who supported me often told me, I think those Internet soldiers are very bad to you. They are bullying you. Those Internet soldiers, don't be sad, they are not living people. Sometimes I will argue with them. No, no, no, I tell you, I can see it.
(37:37~38:37) Because I will also care about myself. Who scolded me? I talked about it long and fierce. I also went to his head to see his state. I will see if I know that this may be a living person or not. And then I feel that I am not 100% sure. But at least I think that the proportion is very high. I think they are all living people. And then Puma asked me a question. He said, I don't know why this is the case. He thought that there are many Internet soldiers and fake people. But I said, why are they all living people? Everyone is so fierce. Why are they especially targeting you? I will tell you this time. Actually, my personal opinion is that because many people often say that I am brainless. I don't help myself to solve my problem, but I absolutely can't be born. Because if you are born, you are really born. He heard that I am born, he will definitely laugh at you. I really don't count. Then why? But why do they all think that I am born? Because these people who scold me, these people who are angry with me, they are very shallow in their political knowledge. They only look at some lazy people, they only look at the political figures and then feed them some political knowledge. So actually, they are like a little friend
(38:37~39:37) who knows politics. And then they are very rich. They actually can't see things that are deeper than me. I just want to say that there is a swimming pool. There is a swimming pool. It is a swimming pool with a height difference. I am about 1.5 meters deep. They actually can't swim 3 meters deep. They actually can't swim 3 meters deep. Those places where the pro-level people go, they can't go in. They don't dare to go in. They will only be in this place. And then, you have this depth, you are very bad. Just in my pool, they may even have a swimming pool here. They won't feel that there is anything to be ashamed of. They are like this. So for them, they of course think that I am depth. Because they have never seen anything deeper than me. Because they only see this. This is, but I have no way. I sent this article later. There is a netizen. I think his comments, I think his comments are funny. You are just a little ghost. I think he is right. You know, there is a swimming pool. That shallow area. Usually, it is a small place where kids swim. So the water temperature there is very warm. But it is not because of the hot water.
(39:37~40:38) It is because everyone is swimming there. That's right. I tell you, I actually have a swimming pool. I have thought about it. I have not said it. I always think that I am a change in my political nature. I think I am just doing it for everyone. I am just doing it for everyone. Really. I feel like I am always like this. Because everyone is not satisfied with politics. You always have a perception. But if you scold Lai Qingde, of course it is reasonable. Because he is the president. Then what do you do? Where is Taiwan now? He is responsible for the final responsibility. So this thing is reasonable. scold Lai Qingde. The distance is super far. You scold him, he will not respond to you. You also feel like you don't meet his true person. You don't know if he will see it. Although I know. Actually, Lai Qingde sometimes also sees some Internet users who are not afraid. But he is also, you don't know if he really sees it. So you have a kind of you scold, you don't know where to go. scold me very sensitive. I don't just scold. You can just scold me here. I will also, I will not be like a dead fish. I will jump. Jumping alive, you know. So there is something better than this meat-chip. It's really great. So everyone comes to me here to scold.
(40:38~41:38) You two little ghosts are looking for me every day. I can only say. This is my natural life. I probably can't change this thing. I won't be talking about anything else. I don't have to talk about a lot today. Actually, what I'm talking about is what I'm talking about today is not going to talk about a lot of political content. I'm talking about my personal feelings. Some feelings. But next week, actually 426 will have a tour. I think this is everyone's democratic political power. So everyone wants to go up the street. I think it's okay. There will be more people, there will be less people. I don't know. But I think 426 that day actually has a lot of great activities. Everyone can participate. For example, if you are at home, you can go to the barbecue. If you go out, Taipei actually has a talent to play. And then I'm at 426 at night. Actually, I will have an event at zero. What experience Taipei I will do a KTV DJ event there. I'm just there directly. DJ may be an hour. Then I will show you there. So actually this weekend
(41:38~42:39) there are a lot of activities. That's not just 426's online tour. But to be honest, I don't know how many people will go. Maybe there will be a lot. Because it looks like everyone is moving. Like this the previous Zhu Lilun also put military gear and then asked everyone to go to the North. When it was rushed, I didn't expect there were really two or three cats. At that time, I thought how many people can't come even if they put military gear? Isn't it very miserable? But I think maybe everyone is in pain. So this is 426. I think you can feel it. Everyone is moving. It's very fierce. Then every big-card real person has already promised that he will come. So I think it looks like that day will be very crowded. But I think when I talked to Chen Bo Hui at that time we all talked about one thing. Actually I think observation is a thing. So the most important thing is to look at the main stage. Chen Bo Hui talked about his observation. He said because I personally feel that if you see some elders or some people who are obviously young people from the East you know, there are some I don't know how to explain it. In society there are some more
(42:39~43:40) more social social organizations. I don't know how to explain this kind of organization. They actually will take various cases. And then how many people you want and how many people you send to the past. You want to wear a uniform, right? Do you want everyone to wear white shoes? Or black shoes? Or what? There are many people in society who are responsible for this. It seems like some people don't often say I can call a car by phone. It's this kind of thing. This kind of people can usually see it. You look at that appearance you probably know these people are also called. Maybe not necessarily money but maybe there are but there are also some benefits or what are you doing? No matter these people actually can see it. But not these people. The point is not to look at these people. The point is to look at people who are outside. What about the people outside? Chen Boye's saying is the person with a U-shaped face. The one in the middle must be maybe the person with a stronger circle of motion. The person with the most death and iron. But actually any activity will be successful. In fact, it depends on the person with a U-shaped face outside the circle of the core. For example, there is no a child holding a mother and pushing the dog
(43:40~44:40) to the scene. If there are many such organizations you know that this thing is really big in the influence of society. It may really affect a lot. It may not be so concerned about politics but it even starts to concern about it. I think for example, the current executive party may really be careful. This means the name is a little changed. I think 426 can be observed again. But my personal feeling is that I think the social issue sometimes I think this is often said by the people. It's often your priority to keep up with the problem. Some people may think the issue of reputation is priority. This thing is priority. But some people may not think so. But when you don't care about the issue of reputation as priority, it doesn't mean you don't care about the issue of reputation. It's just that you think there are some more important problems in your heart. This problem may seem to be someone who used to think that the ruling party is the priority to keep up with the problem. How? Life is the biggest hope. Just to see the ruling party speak about this. But one day the term change suddenly.
(44:40~46:03) The ruling party is not that important. I think the more important is the name of the party. When the term change, you will think the ruling party can work together. This is also why many people don't understand why I don't like the current ruling party. Many people will think are you jealous of him or what? Actually it's not. It's just the term really is too much for me. We can't tolerate it. There's no way. That's right. I think 426 is a good example. For me it's the priority to the ruling party to keep up with the problem. It's the same for me. Respect. Respect. But for me the choice can work with the ruling party. This is a problem that can't be tolerated by water. And it can't be tolerated by shoes. That's it. I don't want to talk about the hard things. I won't talk about politics. I won't talk about politics. I won't talk about politics. I will talk about my personal and normal feelings.
(46:03~47:04) I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a... I'm a man. I'm a... I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm Man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man.
(47:04~48:06) We're driving, we're driving It's comfortable, it makes you go You're driving, you're driving This song is called Traveling Some people say I'm a traveler I want to talk about the story of the horse Let me talk about the story of the horse Let me talk about the story of the horse You must let go The political thing Actually, there will be a little bit at the end A little bit, but not the important thing Okay, a little bit at the end You must let go
(48:06~49:06) You must let go You must let go We're going to go We're high and low We're driving, we're driving It's comfortable, it makes you go You're driving, you're driving We're going to go We're high and low We're driving, we're driving It's comfortable, it makes you go You're driving, you're driving I was very happy last time I went to Kaohsiung I happened to meet him in a restaurant I was very happy
(49:06~50:06) He told me that it's his birthday today So I told him happy birthday I didn't want to talk too much about politics But I suddenly thought of something boring Actually, it's boring I don't think it's a very important news Like, as you know before The scientist The scientist doesn't have a computer He has a computer called WOMEN W-O-M-A-N A female computer I think it's boring Because even if there's something in it Unless there's a violation of law It's not personal interest No matter what the WOMEN is I think it's not important at all So I was discussing this I don't want to take part in this I was going to talk about Open My Mild I was talking about this I told him What's in the WOMEN computer I don't know I'm not sure The WOMEN computer It should have a data folder called Q-O-ZUN That's it I've talked about this before I won't use it in the future
(50:06~51:06) And today It's not the Huang Yang Ming But I have to say Huang Yang Ming I've met him a few times I don't think he's a bad guy The political background is different from me But I think as a famous speaker Everyone's accurate information It's not 100% Many people like to talk about some weird things But in the end it's all fake Like the guy who died He said tomorrow is a big joke Or continue to die Or continue to collect money So it's not important But he did say I don't know where he got the information He said WOMEN is fake The content is already confirmed It's a picture of Shu Qi And Huang Yang Ming has a special argument He said Zhou Xiaoping, come out and apologize to me And then But I think from the beginning If it's normal It shouldn't be very concerned about this news No one cares about this thing I heard Shu Qi When I put the picture of Shu Qi I have a feeling that It's too old Because Shu Qi is still on the scene
(51:06~52:06) But if it's his writing It's been a long time Because he has already put the clothes back It's been at least ten years So he saw it It's a very old thing If it's the content of that era Then maybe If you have other Maybe it's Qiu Shuzhen Yang Si-min But there's Tian Shi-xing Who is Tian Shi-xing? That one I forgot his name Anyway, it's like this You suddenly feel that it's a little funny to do I just want to You will have a kind of I really don't want to I just want to talk to Not the client I think You may be in this society Really friends are not enough Because if you really have some friends Everyone will share the real good things for you Then don't need to watch such a old content Just my feeling
(52:06~53:07) I think it's This can be almost explained The client should be Need to expand his social circle But I'm in the heart I think this is really not important I don't care about this from the beginning Then I think this is a result I don't care Okay, that's it What? Did you say you have such a data But it's a age-old secret Actually no I used to organize A-pian And I used to really organize A-pian I have a 1T action hardware But I haven't opened that hardware for a long time That 1T Because I bought 1T at that time Wow, more than a decade ago I think that 1T is a very expensive action hardware at that time Then I have a lot of different kinds I share other kinds of funny Then Anyway, all kinds of topics I don't want to talk about which topics But there is one I remember that a very important thing is funny Because some A-pian are really funny It's worth it
(53:07~54:07) Because sometimes people will be confident To shoot some really white content So you will think that Maybe it will never appear again It will not shoot the same content You will keep it there And then you hope to take it out and review it That thing is very low in practicality But I have a special information I'm talking about that But I haven't organized it in these years Because it's too convenient to keep it now What do you want to see You just go to search for the content you want to see So I will I'm a little lazy to do this You know, the technological change Will change the human mind Human mentality Now you will think that it's good Yes Actually, I think now I still think that I want to buy a color light Need to organize a color information It's really only old people who will do it Because you don't believe This thing is flowing These people will have a mentality called I think the thing that flows is not reliable Because this flow platform Maybe one day it will fall Maybe I I will not be able to find what I want to see one day So he must put all his heart I think it must be saved For example, Shu Qi Then organize it in a information house Put it there forever But really
(54:07~55:07) This is a little like you in a closet You think you have a very commemorative value Where are you wearing clothes But if you haven't worn it for 13 years I tell you You won't wear it for five years You just keep it there And then one day You finally think of it You take it out and see But it's already broken Your hard drive may have been broken This thing has no meaning at all So I think I've already put it down now You have to keep any kind of mentality I think in the era of trend The Internet will no longer make people think It's not reliable This thing Of course, not 100% will always have But the possibility that it exists I think it's far from a Maybe a bad guy's hard drive Come more reliable So I believe the Internet If one day the human world is gone Whether it's hard drive or Internet It doesn't matter So these things are not important So I think I'm already a Completely clothed in the era of trend A new generation of new people It's like The Warranty Army They are the main characters The revolution of new people This Dai Kun Dai Kun Dai Kun's main character
(55:07~56:08) New people's revolution Is that you know We are a group I have never really felt the real People who are strong in the earth These are still the people who are convinced by the power of the earth They will want to organize the information Only want to keep the light Give up on him You will be free That's it good This is nonsense What am I talking about I'm actually going to Tell me about the Simaqus Just a short story I actually went to Simaqus this week Because the sea is over 1,000 kilometers Then I saw the weather forecast The temperature should be below 12 degrees So I brought it special I have never used it The first time I brought the wood The wood is a I found a hole It's a small A small one A soft wood with a metal ring There is a glass next to it Then you can put the wood in Then there will be a smoke Then you can plug it out You can stay there Then bake in the tent Because I thought it would be very cold
(56:08~57:09) But I didn't think it was about 16 or 17 degrees Actually, it's a little cold If you don't wear a jacket outside You will feel cold But do you really think it's cold It's not that serious So I just closed the tent The fire is on 23, 24, 25, 26 degrees The highest to 26 degrees 26 degrees is a little bit of a shock So I actually have to turn the fire down The fire can be controlled But you have to say I feel so healed and comfortable If I started recording in winter Then you can use this thing I think that feeling will be great It's a pity that I have already started using this thing in the end Then I went to the recording this time I met quite a lot of things Like a lot of recording areas Actually, there are some cats and dogs to eat After all, people who come to record How to say It's easy to want to play with small animals Then I met a dog to eat with me Because I was just There are meat pieces that accidentally fell on the ground I thought it was good Then I divided it for you Fortunately, it didn't taste good So I thought this dog is OK But I later divided the things Then I finished it
(57:09~58:09) I don't know if you suddenly heard a cat shouting I finished eating something There is a cat A cute black cat It's always shouting at me It looks like it wants to eat But I don't have anything I just have one left I haven't taken it to the factory But I want to say Can the cat eat the factory Don't break the food So I was a little sad at that time I just want to say I can't give you to children But he still keeps shouting at me But shouting He suddenly ran away I thought it was good That's good I don't want to give him That kind of non-sounding thing I hope he can find something else Then I went to sleep About 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning I didn't sleep well at that time I was like this when I was recording But I was better than last time I didn't sleep well at the time I suddenly heard There was a cat shouting in the tent I thought it was impossible Is it that cat? But because I was just sleeping I didn't want to get up So I continued to bed I didn't want to be against him I wanted to say it was a dream But I heard the sound of the cat He was turning my backpack I was blind I just climbed up I said
(58:09~59:09) You are chasing him That little black cat He already buried half his head In my backpack Because my backpack is in my tent I didn't lock it I didn't pull the chain He just put his whole body in But he found out I was calling him I didn't mean to scold him I actually called him very clearly What did you do? I ran away Just like a dream But at that time I really felt very bad I thought he was really hungry I said this He just left I was sad Then the next morning I woke up at 8 in the morning I thought Because according to the weather forecast It's about afternoon So I thought I would take a few more days to get some coffee And take a few hours to get some coffee And then I could sit there I woke up at 10 And I had a phone call with my colleague in Taipei I thought
(59:09~60:09) I should be so idle And then I was going to lie down But I didn't expect I woke up at 8 I didn't get coffee I didn't do anything I just went to the toilet I was going to get up I would take a shower first I didn't brush my teeth I turned around I saw a valley A valley A cloud It was a very It made me think of a very exciting speed The speed was very fast It was like watching a fast-challenge animation Flying over here And then you think That's a mountain What's that And then It was short About 10 seconds 20 seconds Not exaggerated Such a short time The cloud was on its head And then when it came When it came to half the way About 5 seconds 10 seconds I found That cloud With a blue-and-white rain That blue-and-white rain You saw that ghost coming And then When I saw it I was getting close to it I started running That crazy wave And then I ran to a far place
(60:09~61:09) Little change And then it started raining It started raining And then I thought That I think the atmosphere was quite stable So to be honest When I was ordering the cloud I ordered it a little casually The soil was a little hard I wanted to order half I didn't order it I wanted to say casually That's it Anyway, it shouldn't be like that I tell you Suddenly it started to blow And then I thought I wouldn't wear it right away The rain of Gotex And then go out and see A few clouds Have been pulled out I thought Because the wind was big I think the tent was blown away I started to get the Silver hammer I started to put all the places All over the wall I thought It was really too bad Then I I returned to that After everything was knocked out Into the tent Because that's the kind Gold tower type That kind That kind of tent There is a pillar in the middle Mainly because of the silver hammer Then I caught that silver hammer I'm afraid it It suddenly collapsed on me I didn't think about The weather in the sky Can become this fast
(61:09~62:10) It's raining And then I have a bunch of things Stuck in different places I have one more That fire station Put it directly outside the tent I haven't closed it yet It's really a tragedy The details are not telling The smoke is really closed It's been a long time I packed all the things All packed up Then throw it in the car Then prepare to open the mountain I remember that time I packed half of it In the rain When I was busy there A local resident Drive this car Then shake the window Just tell me I tell you You have to go down the mountain earlier Because we just found out Because I don't know why Suddenly it rained a lot We there There seems to be a place Maybe it's already It's already in the desert Then there is a tree Down there now It's stuck in the middle We have someone in the wall We are afraid that if you are too late If you can't go down the mountain You know I was going to go to Xinzhou The whole disaster I thought it was a salt road Then just Just use a rolling Then roll down the mountain But the problem is really The salt road The road is really bad Then the blue rain I really can't go So finally walk It's very late We are probably When we finally return to Taipei When it's 3 o'clock Actually already
(62:10~63:11) It's more than 5 o'clock I and Cai Lin Cai Lin actually At 4 o'clock, we have to record the new material We were originally on Saturday The fixed morning recording But because I was going to Return from the supermarket So I told him that I couldn't come in the morning But we recorded at 4 o'clock But I really had no choice at that time I told Cai Lin I think I might not be able to come back today This is the only time I have been late this week Cai Lin Just hit two questions I told him that I would be late He just hit two questions Then he said to me I said to change to tomorrow I'll record tomorrow He just hit two questions Then he went back Do you know what I thought at the moment I don't know what Cai Lin That two questions mean But I've been detoxifying Why is he angry Because he Because it's his pay cut If I change to If I record on Saturday In fact, it affects his time to cut His time is suppressed by the whole process He may have other arrangements I'm sorry But finally I really risked my life And then
(63:11~64:11) I've worked hard to get back to Taipei But I had a great time And then I think Although I think about it There are so many surprises in this process And then At that time You are in the rain Collecting those accounts And those tools Those those recording tools It's a very painful thing But my heart is like this All these kinds of painful things All these kinds of painful things When you After five or ten years It will all become a very funny thing You will be very happy Talk to your friends You know when I went to the market What happened when I met you If you know in your heart This thing will become a joke Ten years later It will become a joke It will become a beautiful talk Why are you suffering now For him Feel sad Why don't you start from now Just feel happy for him This is what I am now When I face all kinds of difficulties
(64:11~65:13) My most basic mentality I also want to share it with you Anyway, you will all become happy at the end Now start to be happy This song is called Take me somewhere nice Take me to a beautiful place Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice
(65:13~66:13) Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Take me somewhere nice Calls him
(66:13~67:15) Photographs Never liked me I would be your man I would be all of that I would be all of that A force memory I would feel everything What I do know What I do know What I do know What is that for
(67:15~68:15) What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for What is that for
(68:15~69:19) What is that for I thought it was funny, but looking at it, I suddenly felt it was not funny. I don't want to take it seriously and talk to everyone about it. That was in 2011, when I was still studying at university, Xu Qiaoxing. He was doing a wave. He was a very few people using social media. He was probably just starting his account, but he posted a article there. He said that to me. He said, although I am not a intellectual, I am a green-hearted person. I am not a green-hearted person, but I really hope that one day, I can become a woman like Cai Yingwen. He also made about ten gold numbers. You can imagine this number as a firm foundation for this idea.
(69:19~70:22) I am not a green-hearted person, but I really hope that one day, I can become a woman like Cai Yingwen. I am not a green-hearted person, but I really hope that one day, I can become a woman like Cai Yingwen. I am not a green-hearted person, but I really hope that one day, I can become a woman like Cai Yingwen. I am not a green-hearted person, but I really hope that one day, I can become a woman like Cai Yingwen.
(70:22~71:23) What was that for? Try to be bad. Try to be bad. Try to be bad. I have a friend by my side who has posted a comment. I also want to say that I am going to be a student. In 2011, 14 years ago, there was a group of people who just went to the school to write a comment. I was thinking about how I can comment on this.
(71:23~72:24) I thought that since I came here, I should look at Xu Xiaoxin's daily life. It was in his university days. He also mentioned why teachers love to treat others. He talked about bad things with teachers. He also talked about his favorite cosmetics. He also talked about his own feelings and troubles. You look at him as a very ordinary college student. I suddenly felt that this was not funny. Because it was his first heart. He might not have forgotten it. He had some of his own feelings. He was trying to use his way to get to this direction. So you suddenly had a kind of... I can't get out of this. What were you doing in 2011? How much difference did you make? Were you the person 14 years ago? I was curious about this. Someone was complaining that they couldn't say that they were not using this. I told you. You should search for the man of the man. Your mom, go and check. The Choe Festival in 2011. I used it very early.
(72:24~73:24) I used it when I was 21. I was in 2011. I posted a article on the channel for 3-4 days. I was very active there. I used the Poo-Lang as a excuse when I was a kid. I told you. I said I didn't understand. I told you. I knew it. I have Poo-Lang account. I've been... I've been posting this for a year or two. But I still post it two or three years ago. Really. I didn't cover it. I'm still thinking about this. I want to see what I used to post. I want to see what I used to post in 2011. Let me share. This is also what I posted in 2011. Wait a minute. 2011. 2011. I posted a lot of things in 2011. I was super active then. I posted something. What did I say? I wanted to win the International A-Pian Games. I don't know why there was an International A-Pian Games in 2011. It didn't seem like it happened.
(73:24~74:24) I was so shocked. The latest A-Pian Games was... I'll tell you, because it wasn't on the platform at that time. The platform was not that popular in 2011. So... That time point, you were still watching the light. I mean, you took the latest A-Pian Games with you... and you posted it for 56 seconds. Take the picture and paste it to your image. Don't use any nickname to forget the rules. Put it on your image. You're so good. Who knows what 56 seconds is? I posted it then. This should be... I think it's a western film. And then there's a... A western foot. I was talking about the color. Can you see it? Let's look at the next one. I have a sticker on the next one. The next one... I read a book. I read it the other day. It said that I was reading it for the first time in three months. I didn't use pen and pen to collect. I had a little sweat. I had a little wetness and a slight illusion.
(74:24~75:24) If I told anyone that I was going to take a sip of it, please stop me. That's what I wrote in my article. Let me think about it first. The pen and pen collection is... If you have a pen and pen, you might know what that is. It's a pen and pen. It has several different ingredients. Some are liquid lipids. Some are... I forgot what it's called. The different ingredients are different. It's a pen and pen that you can't breathe because of the different ingredients. You can use different pens. It makes you breathe more easily. But there's a big problem. It's because you're getting used to it. The effect is getting worse. So most of the key and earplugs are warning you to use it when you're in pain. But I was 35 years old because I was a little bit anxious. I used it every day. So I told myself that I couldn't use it anymore. I told myself that I need to borrow it. I need to borrow the pen and pen collection.
(75:24~76:24) So I forced myself to use it. But I didn't want to use it when I couldn't use it. It was so painful. I couldn't sleep. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't breathe. I was joking. I told others that I need to use it again. I told them that I need to stop it. I spent 14 years on it. I still use the pen and pen collection. I bought two bottles last week. I was afraid that it wouldn't be enough. I went to the mountain of Asmakus. I was carrying one bottle at a time. I can't use it now. It's my life's pressure. Every time I feel dizzy and I can't stand it, I allow myself to use it once a day. I always tell myself that I need to use it. I told myself that I know. Then they gave me three bottles. I brought them home. I still use it now. I was reading it. I was reading it. I failed. I'm sweating now. I don't think I mentioned this.
(76:24~77:24) I rely on pen collection. I thought about it. If there is a war between sea and sea, I can't buy pen collection. I will die. That's it. Next, I met a kid who was in LL. I told him that I cut his fish. I asked him if he had played the game before. He said that he played Dota Dota Dota. He didn't know how to play handgun. I played LL at the airport almost every night. I was complaining about LL in 2011. I asked him who he met. He asked me how he was doing. I complained about him. I was complaining about him. The next one is LL. He said that he lost the game. I told him on the public channel that everyone played very well. The enemy players were surprised. This is the first time I met a loser. I told you that I had a polite team. I always said that I was a loser. Because LL changed the rules. He found that enemies can talk.
(77:24~78:24) It's easy to become a quarrel. They talk about something that's not appropriate. They just talk about different teams. But it was okay in the past. It was okay in the early days. Every time it was over, I was sure I was going to lose. I was sure I was going to win. I was almost ready to give up. But I didn't give up. I was determined to give up. I didn't have to stick my hand on the keyboard. I was going to play QWER. I was going to start playing. I was going to thank him. I was very happy. I was very caring. I was going to say that. I did everything I could. I always felt that. I hoped that LL would be a strong player. I was too strong. Every time we were on the line, we were going to play some fun games. I was very upset. I hoped that I could play it myself. I tried to make everyone think that we can play games that are polite. That's what I did at that time. 2011.
(78:24~79:24) Is it okay now? I think I can't change it for a while. I think I can still play it. I think I can't. I was going to play QWER. I was going to play QWER to find a backup gun. It's pretty reasonable. That's it. Then, Dr. Nan Gong Bo is next. 0-3. 450g to eat. 1100g of blue-collar ice cream. This should be, it's even better. Am I playing the movie that just got lost? I'm having dinner. I was in the middle of the night, and I had a whole box of 1100 cards. And then Hu Zhiqiang pushed the middle and the middle. Hu Zhiqiang was the president of the Taichung. I was in charge of the electrician. Besides, I also loved to talk about politics. I would talk about Ma Yingqiu. Yes, it was Ma Yingqiu in 2011.
(79:24~80:25) He pushed the middle and the middle. The first thing I learned was that when I entered the exit, I was in the middle of the night. He wrote, middle and middle. Hu Zhiqiang's policy, he himself learned the middle and middle. I wrote, Hu Zhiqiang pushed the middle and the middle. It's not a shame that he was the president of the Taichung. I really understand the core competitiveness of the land. It's a mouthful. Because middle and middle, we all talk about the middle. And then there's the president of the Taichung. What is the famous Taichung? The celebration and the hotel. Wow, Hu Zhiqiang pushed the middle and the middle. You understand me, right? That's all. Dr. Nan Kong, my high school classmates, have become lawyers and couriers. You ran away from my stuff. He was controlling my computer. I just read half of it. Where did you go? My high school classmates, have become lawyers and couriers. I remember the most profound classmates,
(80:25~81:26) but one of them met in the restaurant. He was not a very long-term friend. What are you doing now? I asked the classmate. I was in the lab in Kunchong. I just came out of the lab. I was in the lab. I met him at the dinner place. I asked him where he was. I said, I was in the lab. I said, what is your research topic? This classmate said, Zhang Lang. He was sitting in front of me for dinner. I remember that it was a self-made restaurant. I was in the lab at that time. He was in Kunchong. I was in the lab in Tai Dadao. I was in a self-made restaurant near the school. We were cooking together. I asked him what he was studying. I said, I was studying Zhang Lang. Why did you sit in front of me for dinner? I was really confused. He said, get lost. Then... The next one. It wasn't the 2011 incident. I was just recalling. I had lunch at noon.
(81:26~82:29) I asked the classmate to bring me lunch. I didn't expect that the classmate would turn around and forget. I asked him, hello, my lunch. The classmate replied, yes. Another classmate was really busy. He said, do you want to eat Raymond's hot dog? Raymond was another classmate in our company. He was a bit shy. He was Korean. He was Korean. He was kind and nice. He didn't like hot dogs. He had a hot dog. Another classmate was really enthusiastic. He asked, do you want to eat Raymond's hot dog? Raymond also stood up and said, I have eggs. This is a workplace work. I was 35 years old. I was working in a game company. When Raymond said he had eggs, he didn't have any malicious intent. He just wanted to treat me to something. But I didn't expect that he would turn into such an interesting person.
(82:29~83:29) He asked me to eat hot dog eggs. The next one. I have a screenshot. I think it's worth the screenshot. The next one. The next one is about a little girl with a beard and a beard. I really liked a girl with a beard. I was the second one. She was really great. I was like, I'm scared. She was the best girl in my mind. She was so jealous of the light and the moon. She even took a photo with a little girl with a beard. I saw her with a beard on her Twitter. I was so happy. I was so happy. But you know what? From 2011 to now, her Twitter is the most popular content. She has been with many celebrities. She was with AV Girls. She has been with Hollywood stars. It's really unbelievable. She was wearing a T-shirt and a hat. She is wearing a leather jacket and a beard. It's totally different. But this also shows that from 2011,
(83:29~84:29) I was very interested in the little girl's beard. I think that in the past year, someone asked me what kind of person I wanted to be in the future. I once said that I wanted to be like a little girl's beard. Because if I could be like a little girl's beard, I would do anything and everyone would pay attention to it. And then, watching movies, everyone would want to know their opinions. Like this person. Everyone would like to spend a long time waiting for her 35-year-old big work. Isn't that the coolest thing in life? So I said, I really want to be like even if I'm 50 years old, I still want to be like her. That's the little girl's beard. And I was following her in 2011. I was still in her in 2015. I've never changed. And then, the next one is my journey in Japan. I wrote that I'm in the autumn leaves. The highest place where the world's population is crowded. In the new year, you only need to worry about the knife. You need to worry about the horse.
(84:29~85:29) The horse is the fire tree in the dragon. And then, the next one, the next one is quite funny. The next one is a small story. The day when the Taiwan LLL business opened. At that time, I was already working at the game company. And then, we were all together. The name of the industry in the fake-trade research was the first thing that we did. We started to help the company test and store their products. Because the first thing we did was to open the store. We didn't open the store. The store was only open after the opening. We wanted to buy the model. We wanted to buy some special features. So we started to store our products. We did this when we were working. We thought about it. Although we shouldn't do the work, we thought that we could tell the boss that we were testing the business pressure. And we did the industry research. It was reasonable.
(85:29~86:30) In general, we were in the middle of the research. But no matter what, the store was closed. The company network was set up on the whole line. So we couldn't do anything. We were on the same page. We couldn't do anything. We couldn't stand it. We used MSN. We sent a message to friends working at Garina. Garina is an LL representative. Hello, do you have time to buy me a card? You know what? She was very serious about the message. She said, I want you to buy me a card. But you know what? The fraud was popular in 2011. Maybe now. She found out that it was like a fraud. But she was hoping that you could buy me a card. Please. It's funny. It's funny. It's funny. And then... The next one is... To be honest, since the Seidek business, Seidek Barai,
(86:30~87:32) I love watching movies. I'm not a movie fan. I don't talk on the Internet. I'm sorry to ask. But I guess their ideas are the same as mine. I want to talk in a quick way. I think this means that Seidek Barai thought, what is this? But you don't dare to say. Okay, the next one. I have a screenshot. It's funny. I saw a picture on the Internet. There is a place... I don't know if you've seen this picture. There is a place written as a health clinic. The doctor is called Chen Jia-kang. He is called a health clinic. But there is a drugstore next to it. I wrote it. It must be intentional. It must be a medical clinic. It must be a drugstore. It's funny. I don't know if this picture is still there. It's funny. Next is LOL. I just met a kid. I played games and lost. He kept calling me. I want to fight with you. What do you want to fight?
(87:32~88:33) Is there such a hard-hearted girl in real life? Then... Next... This day... This is the day of 2011. I wrote it. Today... What's the name of that person? I forgot. I want to say his name. Today, we all have to become a zombie. R.I.P. That person is because... Xu Guan-ying. Xu Guan-ying is a very famous name. A famous name. He was staring at me. I said, I'm done. He became a zombie. He passed away that day. So I sent a letter that day. Today, we all have to become a zombie. Then... Okay. Next. I was driving in the long-distance. Sorry, I read a lot. Everyone would think I'm annoying. But... Let me tell you. I read a bunch of things. There's one thing I want to say. On the way to the long-distance driving, the train suddenly started to take off. It was late at night. It didn't start raining yet. The car window was still there. There was a slight... The smell of summer and South Korea.
(88:33~89:34) Suddenly, there was a feeling of touching and feeling of beauty. Until now, in 2025, I would have at least one day of live broadcast every summer. I would broadcast it in the evening. But this thing, I started doing it in 2011. I started driving in 2011 on the way to the long-distance driving. I would think about the evening. I was touched by this thing. It didn't change since 2011. Then... The next one, BB King. I posted a song. I put a song on the internet. BB King said, The Thrill is Gone. I was on the road again at night. I listened to BB King. If I click on a smoke, there is a snake-like beauty with a scar on it. If I say, I really loved you, it's a black movie by Hard Boy. Actually, I really like to share music. For example, I have another one. I wrote Granddaddy. No, this one is... This is Alias Miss. He said, I only slept for 4 hours a day.
(89:34~90:43) Because I was very sweaty and dry when I was playing the game. But as long as I was on the road to work, the weather was good. I listened to great songs. I thought I could continue. Although this song is about the dark song of the guest. The song I shared at that time is Alias Miss by Balada from Big Nothing. Then... The next one is Granddaddy. Granddaddy is a band called... It's translated into Chinese. I don't know why. There is a band called A Gong. Their song can be so good. Then, the song I played at that time is called He's Simple. He's Dumb and He's the Pilot. You lost your maps, you lost the plans.
(90:43~91:44) You hear them yell, land and land. You say you can't, but I hope you can. I hope you can. Are you ready? Yep. Okay. One, two, three, four. I've come 2000 man. This is the song I played in 2011.
(91:44~92:46) Welcome back, my son and my friend. Welcome back. I hope you can.
(92:46~93:46) I'll play a little more. But it's time you tell your friend. I've been thinking about eating sweet things, ice cream, and cakes. I've been thinking about these things every day. In 2011, one day, I sent a message. The message was, I told the CEO of the company to make a report. According to the boss's comment, I'm like Lin Suhao, a hot-tempered team.
(93:46~94:47) This comment, I don't understand. I asked my friend. He said, I'm very caring. I got a lot of points. But it's a pity that I failed. That day, I remember I was talking to the CEO. I think I did everything right. I did a great job. But I didn't get the CEO's message. Later, I realized that CEO... Because of the political party, they didn't appreciate me. Even if they didn't appreciate me, they wouldn't give me any chance. It's totally political. After about half a year, I left. The article, the complaint, Lin Suhao, a hot-tempered team, was the reason I decided to leave. Later, I followed Disney. I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company.
(94:47~95:48) I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company. I was the one who was in charge of the company. Li Alixie The thing I wanna say is... I actually can't remember what happened at that time either. I was watching Xu Xiaoxing His pronunciation is a very pure college student I suddenly can't remember what I was doing in 2011 The movie has a impression, I probably know I'm working in the game industry But what's my mood?
(95:48~96:49) What am I thinking every day? I suddenly lost my impression I quickly thought of how to roll, roll, roll Rolled to the pool, I was my pronunciation I watched it one by one I saw the desire I saw the sense of a little bit of a scar I had a little bit of a feeling Because I discovered one thing In 2011, I really liked music I also wanted to recommend music to people who watch my porn I like to play electric I like to comment on politics I like to talk about doing things I discovered one thing I can be proud to say Qiu Yi Jie hasn't changed In 2011 Whether it's a friend at the time The record of the account on the pool
(96:49~97:50) The things I did at the time My hobby The things I hate I've never changed I've never changed I even stole ice cream for the night I ate red radish cake I've never changed I'm not a fan of the show But I After watching it I found you completely knew the ghost I even forgot that I had posted a photo of Xiao Dao Xiu Fu I envy him
(97:50~98:53) I envy him I'm in the mood now I envy him I'm in the mood now The things he did at the time are the same I took photos of celebrities And then developed a fun game You know, in this world Some people will change But some people won't This song He's simple It's dumb He's the pilot He's very simple He's also very stupid But He's the one who drives the plane He's the pilot He's the pilot He's the pilot He's the pilot He's the pilot He's the pilot I'm wrong
(98:53~99:53) This is my星 Hi last week I went I went Mangyong I went sky吃 And then we had a chat I suddenly stood up and sang and danced. In fact, in the cafe, it was quiet. Everyone was sitting there doing their own thing. Doing this thing was so embarrassing. I was singing and dancing. I told Citing, am I embarrassing to do this thing? I thought you were so noisy. Everyone was drinking coffee and watching TV. You were singing and dancing. I stood up and danced. What was it? I said, I looked embarrassed. But when I was 75, the person next to me would take his phone and take a picture of me dancing. And I would go online and say, why is Mr. Old so cute? I told Citing, this is what I've been wanting to do. I want to do what I'm doing now. Even if a lot of people hate me, don't like me, don't believe me,
(99:53~100:53) I'll keep doing it until I'm 75. That's cute. All the things I said at that time were all over the place. I couldn't understand it. Even if he still couldn't understand, he still had to say, look, this person, why is he so cool? Why is he so cool? When I was 75, when I was 85, if I still insisted, no matter how many people I streamed, 300, 3000 or 30,000, it doesn't matter. If I was still doing this thing, I would tell everyone, remember how many years ago we talked about it, about Harry's mind. I'm talking about it now. When I was alive, I did this thing. Look. In this way, even if I didn't have any position at that time, I didn't have any political power, I didn't have a choice. Social media should have a news that a strange old man did something like this. At that time, there should be a new information.
(100:53~101:53) A news specifically about the Q-Win ceremony, that an old man, sitting down with everyone 50 years ago, and watching Harry's mind together, and he's doing it now. Although he only has 30 people left, he's still there. He's 30 people. Isn't that cool? Isn't that cool? That's what I've been doing all this time. I'm just jealous. That's sweet. That's how it is. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet.
(101:53~102:54) Sweet. Sweet. Hahaha. Alright.
(102:54~104:02) Thank you. Thank you, Vin. dang god amd其他 老朋友 老朋友
(104:02~105:02) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(105:02~106:08) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(106:08~107:24) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(107:24~108:24) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(108:24~109:40) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(109:40~110:46) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(110:46~112:12) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(112:12~113:22) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(113:22~114:32) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(114:32~115:32) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(115:32~116:32) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(116:32~117:52) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(117:52~119:12) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(119:12~120:12) I just can't I just can't
(120:12~121:42) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(121:42~122:52) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(122:52~123:52) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(123:52~124:52) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(124:52~125:52) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't If you and I are one It's lost in our embraces Like stars in the sun As if it's falling in the air
(125:52~127:00) I can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(127:00~128:00) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(128:00~129:06) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(129:06~130:16) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(130:16~131:16) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(131:16~132:16) I just can't I just can't
(132:16~133:26) I just can't I just can't I just can't
(133:26~134:26) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(134:26~135:26) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
(135:26~136:32) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't It's not my girl She just a girl I just can't
(136:32~137:32) I just can't Yeah I just can't I just can't I just can't
(137:32~138:28) I just can't I just can't I just can't I just can't
