(00:00~01:02) I You
(01:02~02:02) You You
(02:02~03:02) Oh Google Who said that? Did someone say that or did you just say it? I've never heard of this. And if it's from the perspective of three great文青, because you know that文青 is very interesting. He doesn't mean three great artists, three great creators, three great musicians. So what does this文青 mean? They are not production, not creation. But they are the people of the taste. So this sentence, you can say it's a beauty, but it may also be a trend. It's hard to say. I don't know how to explain it.
(03:02~04:03) But I'm still grateful. Because I know you must have written it because it's meaningful. It's just that... Three great artists, what does it mean? Okay, I know. The people of the taste. Can I say that? In other words, there are many young people who want to get in touch with some kind of works, like music or whatever. These three people may be able to provide some of his paintings. People may know that he is a musician. But later on, he gave a lot of opinions in the food industry. So it seems that he performed well. And then there are many people who ate, and lived, and cultured, and got some knowledge from him. So I think this statement is basically great. Okay, let's talk about it. Then... Today is the day of the final. Our Gwaji Hall, EP-205. Then... Probably like this. But because I was a little too noisy just now, I want to say something very cute. In about two hours, actually, the first time... I finally...
(04:03~05:04) I tried to... I tried to... Oh, no, they are now noisy again. They are fighting with the baby. They let out the baby and the little flower. It's just that they don't have the time to let them out. I think they started to get noisy, but then they got tired. So it suddenly seemed like they could get along. Especially when I was feeding them just now. I just spent a little more time feeding them. Then... They were both waiting for me there. It was a little like the little flower and the little flower. So when I saw that picture, I was actually a little touched. Then the baby... The baby was actually right next to me. Right here. Right here. I could touch the place where I was. But he was outside the camera. And then he was there to play with me. But maybe it's because I was too noisy. Because actually, the baby is someone who doesn't like high-quality talking. If someone was always there, he would actually be unable to stand it, and then he would leave. Actually, many cats don't like it. So he might have felt that it wasn't very suitable for me here. So he left. Anyway, that's it. They... Actually, I went there for a week.
(05:04~06:04) Since the last week, when I brought the baby back, he was in a quarantine situation. And then... And then a few days ago, they were getting more and more clear about each other's existence. So they started to fight with the glass door. Although I had put the glass door on the window, but obviously, they felt that it was on the other side. So they started to fight with the door. Later, they found that, at some point, because I didn't put it on the door, they actually could stand up. Have you seen that? Two cats standing up with their hind legs straight. They could see each other with their eyes. So they found out that the little flower was starting to get in shape. They would stand up, and the window was closed. They would say, come here, come here. And the baby would follow them. And then, how? I was afraid of you. And then, they would get into the window. Two people would look at each other with their eyes. When I saw them, I thought, look, am I supposed to put them in a fuller position? But I felt that their image was very funny. And I was thinking, they could almost recognize each other. So I thought, okay, let them meet each other. And then, they had two little hands, little cats, and they would fight each other with their glass windows.
(06:04~07:05) They were very fierce. I said, one of them is like that. Come out, come out. I'll beat you to death. And then, two little dragons were shouting. And then, they would shout. They were shouting until it was really night. They were shouting until it was really night. I would sleep at night. They might be caught by the tide for two or three times. I really almost went crazy. So, I was very tired these few days. And then, when I arrived at the nightclub, I felt particularly sleepy. I really felt tired. Then, then, then, then, yesterday, that, that, that, when I got home from my family's shooting, that winter night, and, and they were in Beilan, actually, they knew that these two cats were still in isolation. But the toilet was in the baby's side. So, they had to go from the recording place to the baby's side to the toilet. So, they had to open the door. After they opened the door, they forgot to close it. They went straight to the toilet. Then, the baby saw that picture. He actually stood there. He was like, is the door open? But he didn't know anything. When he couldn't get close to the door, the baby liked to be in a good mood. Maybe he was younger and more impulsive. He immediately rushed in. Then, he immediately stood in front of the baby.
(07:05~08:06) Then, then, his eyes were really big, like he was staring at him. It looked like he was a fierce man. Then, then, the baby was lying on the ground. Then, he also looked at him. I thought, you weren't the one who was going to beat me to death. But they stood there for three seconds. They didn't move. They were two cats. They didn't move. I thought, wow, you were... the three cats that were fierce. But when I saw them staying there for three seconds, I suddenly felt that they had a chance to be together. But they were still arguing. They were still arguing. I'm not sure. If they kept arguing, I should still separate them. Because I think that it's not just me. They might be too tired and too stressed. So, when I was sleeping at night, I still had to open the door temporarily and let them sleep well. Then, I slowly pulled them away and spent time with each other. I thought, this is what I'm doing now.
(08:06~09:07) But they are not angry now. They are not angry now. They are like the cats who are not giving birth to their children. They are like a couple. That's it. I hope that they will be together for the rest of their lives. Please give me a chance. Congratulations to the four cats. I said, I'm still looking for the phone. Okay, thank you. Then, I would like to wish them a happy birthday in March. I wish them all the best. I wish them a happy birthday with the cats. I wish them a happy birthday with the cats. I am so happy. It's great that you are still looking after me. Thank you. You have always cared for me. You have always used a very low-key way and a quiet way. But you are still a very persistent caretaker. So, I'm very grateful. Then, Happy Ben Didi said, Miao Miao Miao. I hope that everyone will be Miao Miao Miao. Okay, I almost told you about the cats.
(09:07~10:07) And this week, I'm very happy. I didn't mean to be happy. I actually have a lot of wishes. I think I will let them go again. They are now arguing. I will go and see. Sorry, I think the cats are arguing now. I think because I am now live streaming. I can't take care of them. I can't comfort them. Otherwise, I think maybe if I have a person in the middle to be a fan, I might not be able to fight. But now, I am a little worried. Because they look quite angry. I don't think they really will fight against you. I won't. But I'm afraid that because the cat's spirit is very stressed, it may be bad for the health. Because two cats are not young. You can see one of them is angry and one of them is angry. And then, on the other side, you are not human. I don't think so. I will take my time. I think they have already met each other today. I think... I want to see. Maybe they have been together for about three hours. Three hours. But I think that when I first brought him home, he has improved a lot. So I think that's not bad. Okay, that's it. And then... I'm going this week to... What's that called?
(10:07~11:07) To the zoo. To the zoo. Anyway, I will go to the zoo to see some of the animals. But I don't know why. I think... Of course, I think that actually, on all platforms, there are some people who are especially responsible for choosing the right person. Those who choose the right person are sometimes deciding the taste of a platform. Like, I think there are actually a few platforms. It may not be so mainstream. Like Netflix, many people have it. If you want to find a platform that has a platform, your first choice may be Netflix. Because what you can see on it is the most. And then, the speed of improvement is very frequent. So... And there are many topics that are subject to the topic. So you can have the opportunity to talk to your colleagues and your classmates. So Netflix may be the first choice for many people. But there are some smaller, smaller platforms. Actually, you should pay attention to the fact that their choices are actually all in some amazing places. Like, I recently found out that I think the people who buy videos don't know if it's... I don't know if it's... I don't know if it's... I think it's really amazing. Because I think there are some that are particularly chosen. You can't see them on Netflix or Disney Plus. But actually, there is a very good taste. A little... A little bit smaller, but not very small. It's just a little bit
(11:07~12:07) in the middle. The middle range of the film. And then, it's all quite good. So if you think about some... It seems a little interesting, but I don't know where you can see things. I don't know if you will find that it's actually on my video. So I think my video is quite strong. And then, my video... And then, I think the company Plus, I think it's in some limited resources. Actually, I think it's actually quite amazing. I think it's because it's a company. So actually, its price is also very low. So I think... And there are some of its digital screens. So I think the company Plus, I think it's quite good. If you like to see some really small things, then the Gilo, the record... If you like to see the record, the Gilo... Of course, it's not just a record, but I think that's a good idea. Of course, the animation. I think the animation is definitely something that's popular. But I think the style of the film recently seems... I don't know why. It suddenly chose something quite amazing. I saw it that day. I looked at it. I looked at it. I saw it. The Poisoned Snake, the Great War, and I was like, is this really something that he used to enter? I think he used to enter
(12:07~13:07) some kind of fake knight or something. And then... Then the popular animation turned into a world. No. Poisoned Snake, Great War, Snake, and Ghost, it's a human-like animation. And when I saw the style of the film, I didn't actually hear it before. But it felt like it would be very suitable for me. I immediately clicked it to see. I clicked it to see and then it was a picture of a cheetah. Poisoned Snake, Great War, Snake, and Ghost, the kind of human-like animation in the US. And then, when I looked at the cheetah, and then the cheetah thought, I feel the feel of the stomach. And then, it suddenly turned into a Poisoned Snake. Because it's not the function of the animation that will support the egg-like wood. It's the direct message that many people can directly write on it. Because I think this film should be a human-like animation, so you won't notice it. But when it was the cheetah, there was another message. It would suddenly come out. If you look at the ink, it said, congratulations to you for the cheetah. You will be a little touched. The feeling of touching is what you know? Because I am directly,
(13:07~14:07) like you are on the road and see a small pond, but you feel that should be a delicious restaurant. You go in, and then there is another person. I don't know where he came from. He was right. You know how to eat. You know that he came here. That's a broken small restaurant. But the moment you walked in, you saw someone who looked like a farmer. I told you, whatever, you saw the country's production inside. You saw the country's production inside. He said, I saw you on TV. You are so bad. You chose this restaurant. Although you are good, although I obviously misbehave, but you have a feeling that you are encouraged, you are rewarded. Congratulations on finding a treasure. I will finish looking at it. It's really a treasure. It's good. He is talking about, he is talking about the 1980s. In fact, the United States has been a popular film about the film of the British police. What about the film of the British police? He will definitely be talking about, he will definitely talk about a lot of that kind of acting and laughing, and then, then, then he will definitely make up many rules. For example, he will definitely follow the normal rules without a single case. Then, he will definitely
(14:07~15:09) chase after the car, then he will blow up people's big buildings, and then it will cause many public property losses. Then he will definitely have a boss. The boss will one day scold him, saying, how can you do this to a day of the game? Go write a report. He will scold him but you are still, he still is, not at all. It's just like this, the role of the American spy detective. He pushed the spy detective's style to the extreme limit. What did he deal with this time? He dealt with the vampire gang. He was talking about... I won't talk about details, but it's simple. The wandering people in this city, and the people who were on the road, all infected with the vampire gang. So they became the vampire gang. The next thing is to create various disasters in this city. But only one person can stop this city
(15:09~16:10) from entering the control of the vampire gang. Who is that? That's the star of our story. It's amazing. It's a cool animation. You really think that you're talking about some cool things. You'll feel cool. I really like it. When you're talking about these kind of cool things, the best thing is that you must prepare a cup of wine. Like this. I prepared this today. This is not boiled water. This is gin tonic. I really want to thank you. I once said that it's hard to buy tonic water in Taiwan. You can only buy one brand. But there's nothing bad about it. But it's a bit sweet. I don't like it. I can use it, but I don't like it. After I said this, I have two friends who are different. One is CK, the other is Winnie. They are different from overseas. They brought back a few tonic water from overseas brands. I'm very grateful. Because they put it in my fridge.
(16:10~17:10) So I always open it at a very important time. Because the quantity is limited. But because it's two people, I put it in the fridge. So who am I drinking now? I can't tell who I'm drinking. But it's not important. That's it. It's boring. You have to prepare a cup of wine that will make you relax. Next, I have snacks. I'm going to talk about Taiwan's golden crispy. Golden crispy is the first brand of chicken skin snacks. The standard taste is golden crispy white pepper fried chicken skin. I personally like it. I'll open it. You should go to a gas station to get a barbecue. I've seen it before. They sell snacks. It's not snacks. They have a restaurant called roast chicken skin. It's simple. You can eat it in a barbecue. It's not chicken skin. It's chicken skin. It's chicken skin. It's fried chicken skin or roasted chicken skin. It's the taste. It's made into snacks. Of course, it's made with real chicken skin.
(17:10~18:10) It has a big advantage. I can talk about its nutrition. Golden crispy white pepper fried chicken skin is the most classic taste. It's 300 grams of protein in 100 grams. It's 40% protein. If you're a fitness person, you need to eat high protein food. But you want to eat snacks. Golden crispy white pepper fried chicken skin is the best choice. I'm controlling it. If I want to eat snacks, I want to talk about health. If I'm controlling it, I won't drink alcohol. But I only want to eat it. Life is about eating. You can eat it. It has high protein. If you have a nutritionist, he may have a headache. He may want to eat green onion salad.
(18:10~19:10) But he sees 39.7 grams of protein. He thinks it should be okay. I recommend it to everyone. Golden crispy white pepper fried chicken skin. Today, I will eat their various flavors. Various flavors. Golden crispy crispy chicken skin. They are all classic flavors. I will introduce them to you. I want to emphasize one thing. High protein is suitable for fitness. It's not too much. If you want to lose weight, you can't rely on this. It's not for losing weight. What else? It's chicken skin. You know chicken skin. There are still more fat. Golden crispy crispy chicken skin. Sorry, I forgot to remind you. Golden crispy crispy chicken skin. Golden crispy crispy chicken skin. This is golden crispy chicken skin. Do you see? Golden crispy chicken skin. I want to apologize to the audience. Golden crispy chicken skin.
(19:10~20:12) Do you know why you call it golden crispy chicken skin? It must be because... Because in Japanese, you can easily say a word. It's the meaning of chicken. I was wrong. Golden crispy crispy chicken skin. It's really delicious. It's a taste of fried chicken skin. And when you eat a chicken skin, you can easily taste the white pepper. So maybe eating this chicken skin is a bit too much for you. But the question is, is this golden crispy chicken skin roasted chicken skin? Fried chicken skin? I think it's just right. The market actually asked me to introduce it. I used four flavors. But I have to say another thing. I personally like it. But the market didn't make any requirements. I mentioned this before. When I was in the new market, I think there is a golden crispy onion in its summer vegetable. I personally think it's super crispy. This is my favorite. This is not that much
(20:12~21:13) compared to the white pepper. But the flavor is really good. It has a little bit of vegetable flavor. And then add the onion fragrance. Wow, it's super nutritious and super delicious. But as for the other flavors, we'll continue to talk about them later. Now, the thing I just talked about, the hard-cooked detective in the 80s and 90s, so I think we have to do something next. Let me see. Yeah, I'm ready. Now, we have to do something. I want to tell you about the music of the 80s and 90s. What kind of music is hard-cooked detective? It's this kind of music. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I just talked about the super beautiful, super delicious. I mean, it's similar to the classic flavor of the golden crisp. Because you know what? This thing, golden crisp, hey, hey, hey, don't do this.
(21:13~22:32) Golden crisp fried chicken skin, it's a protein of 39.7 kg. This thing is 4 kg. So I just want to remind you, you can't treat it as a fitness product. You can treat it as a fitness product. This can't be done. So I said, I'll eat this raw food every time. I'm willing to break the limit. Break the limit of nutrition. And then I also want to eat something that is golden crisp, onion crisp. I want to tell you this. It's not about making a face-to-face business. Don't make fun of me. I'm telling you, I'm just talking about a fact. I can't lie to you. What do you think about onion? You can... What protein is onion? It's impossible. There's no such thing. I just want to tell you. Onion, cover it well. Like this. Let's continue. Let's go.
(22:32~23:32) Hero! Hero! It's gotta be strong. It's gotta be fast. Hero! Hero!
(23:32~24:34) Hero! Hero! Hero! Hero!
(24:34~25:35) Thank you, Hero! You've been here for 39 months. Hero! Hero! Hero! Hero! I'm holding out for the heroes
(25:35~26:35) till the end of the night. He's gotta be strong. And he's gotta be fast. And he's gotta be fresh from the fight. I need a hero. I'm holding out for the heroes till the morning comes. He's gotta be sure. And he's gotta be soon. And he's gotta be long till the night. I need a hero. Yeah, so cool. This song is really cool. It's really cool. I'd like to thank our Golden Crayfish and our first Taiwanese fried chicken skin to choose from. If you'd like to buy it, you can contact our website or find the information about it in the description. You can download the purchase. We'll introduce many flavors. There are only these two. I'll show you. I'll show you. One, two, three, four, five. There are ten flavors. I can't give my nutritionist the ten flavors.
(26:35~27:35) I can. Like the white pepper fried chicken skin. I'll show you. I'll show you the ingredients. 39.7 grams of protein. It's not salty at all. The new health concept is fat. If you have fat, it's okay. Unless you have a hard-to-eat diet. Otherwise, you won't have any problems with your fat. Let's do this. I have to mention something boring. There's a news report this week. I'll talk about it. I don't want to make it worse. I don't want to make everyone discuss or do anything. I'll just take it easy. I'll explain the reason later. A politician from the National Party sent a photo to a F-sensei. Of course, the F-sensei is not me.
(27:35~28:35) So few people said it was not F-R-G-G-Y. Froggy, not froggy. Because my English name is F. Of course, the first one is not. I know people who say it's not. It's just a joke. But I found some people who have different videos, articles, news, and messages that have been mentioned in the news report. The story of Froggy. I don't think it's about this. Someone shared a article saying that Froggy told a story about Froggy. I don't think it's about this. It's about the news. I want to emphasize that I don't know who it is. I don't know who it is. I don't know if it's about this. Who? I can say it's not Froggy. But if I say it's not, I'll say something first. I think it's a serious thought.
(28:35~29:36) Don't be a double-edged sword. The public opinion of this news is very low. If the news is true, what is the fault of the real criminal? Is it the same thing? No. It's the fault of his wife. He's got a marriage. He's got a wife. I'm not going to talk about it. I don't care about other people's family affairs. They have to deal with it. Is it a fake? I don't think it's true. If the person who shared the article said that he was a fake, I think it's another thing. I think it's not like that. I think that person just wants to break up. I'll tell you, the leader will make a fuss about it. I think it's another thing. It looks like it's also under the premise of a certain level of love and friendship. It's their thing. I think anyone who is strong or publishes a letter is not a very reasonable thing.
(29:36~30:36) So I think today I will think if I say even if it's not the leader, I will also say this as a small part of the other people. I think this is wrong. So I don't know if it's anyone. I don't have any response. I just want to tell you about this. I personally think I'll go to search later. For example, if the leader has some reverse opinions, I will want to cancel it. But I don't think so. I've talked about some very bad comments, but I think they are all like his. So I won't say this. My basic position is like this. I also think that everyone can be more open about this. People may also break up because of this society. Then it leads to a choice that is not open. I think the important thing is not to attack the leader
(30:36~31:36) but to change the society. In the process of growing up, to crush his school or his parents or his religious faith or anything don't do anything like this. It's not a good thing. It's probably like this. If this is true, I think it should be like this. OK. F said he thinks he is harassed. If F thinks he is harassed, then let's not talk about it. That is to harass. That is to deal with the way of harassing. OK, that's it. But my basic position is like this. Then I actually started today to talk about a more serious problem. The rest is more easy to talk about. But I still want to talk about something serious. Because I don't like to talk about anything beyond my professionalism. What I mean is that my live broadcast is not often talked about. No matter how much I study myself, like before I didn't talk about the artificial intelligence with a hard head. When many people talk about artificial intelligence,
(31:36~32:36) I think it's too low-key. I think it's too low-key. I think I can help to talk about it. There is a theme recently. I think it's too low-key. I don't want to talk about it. It's not like I want to agree with Trump, to the U.S. to invest 1,000 billion. Many people start to talk about the empty Taiwan or the low-key. Like the Du Zhicheng. He was in 2015-2016 when he said that if the Taiwan financial industry doesn't open up China to invest, then the Taiwan financial industry will be in a bad shape in 2025. Then what happened in 2025? After 10 years, Taiwan's financial industry didn't go bad. It was a unique branch. Taiwan's financial industry also made a system to protect Taiwan. This is completely different from the other branches. There are many people who are talking about
(32:36~33:36) the U.S. and Taiwan's playtime, the system to protect Taiwan, the rules, and even many people are talking about the empty Taiwan and the major industry to go to the U.S. I think these words sound reasonable. It makes a lot of people feel very nervous when they don't understand the Taiwan financial industry or the Taiwan economic situation. I think this is a reasonable point. First, when he was discussing the promise with Trump, he said he wanted to think about the news. He said he wanted to invest 1,000 million. He said he wanted to invest 1,000 million in 2025. Or in 2027? He said he wanted to invest 1,000 million in the U.S. I'm not saying the Taiwan financial industry is a mess. It's not a mess. After all,
(33:36~34:36) Taiwan's financial industry is a world-famous business. It's a beautiful thing to say that you should do something. Before, the state of Taiwan promised that the U.S. would invest a lot of money. Like the state of Taiwan, the famous business owner must have done everything he should. I'm not saying that everyone is making a mess. What he should do is to do something for the future. It might also be a good thing for the company's long-term interests. But the question is when will this happen? When will he invest 1,000 million? I don't know. One more important thing is if we are in the U.S. a financial industry, it's not easy. It's not like what I want to do today. If I support the nuclear power plant or nuclear power supply, I will say that we will have power plants to use next year. But this will not happen. Because they have to have a long time
(34:36~35:36) to do this. A financial industry needs 5 to 10 years to do this. If I really want to do a financial industry in the U.S. and Taiwan's financial industry is being built, Trump has to do it. Do you know what? There are so many ways to do this. So I don't think there's much to say. Also, if you really invest, you will think 1,000 million sounds much better. Let me tell you. Taiwan's production capacity is limited. So Taiwan's power plants are all in different countries and they are in different countries. Not only Taiwan will have it. Even if 1,000 million is invested in the U.S. the power plants that it will have will be in the entire Taiwan Power Plant. The proportion is very small. I want to ask you. If we want to empty Taiwan today, there are only 5% in the U.S. How serious is it? Is it that serious? It has become a political wisdom. So every time I see
(35:36~36:36) I think many people don't understand. Many people talk about these things. They don't understand. But some bad people try to make some people understand. They create these kinds of panic. I think it's really unnecessary. I don't think it's necessary to stop the economic situation in Taiwan or Taiwan. But I just want to say there's nothing to be nervous about. But these days, I think Taiwan has become a weak country. They are talking about super low-power things. There's no need to say more. It's just what we do. I just want to say Taiwan Power Plant is good. Everyone is good. We shouldn't create trouble for others. We can't just rely on Taiwan Power Plant. We have to do a lot of things. So don't be so nervous. Let's listen to a music.
(36:36~37:36) Let's change the mood. This song is called If You Wanna Be My Man If You Wanna Be My Man If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man
(37:36~38:36) Just open a station in my country. If You Wanna Be My Man Just open a station in my country. Just open a station in my country. What do you used to be? If You Wanna Be My Man You better look in my eyes. I see you understand. When I know you are lying. All this time we fought with you and me together. I always thought that we could build this thing forever. What do you change? And I change. What do you used to be? What do you change? Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey
(38:36~39:36) Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey All this time we fought with you and me together. And always thought that we could meet at St. forever But you changed, and I changed Why we used to be If you wanna be my man If you wanna, if you wanna be my man Oh, oh, oh, yeah If you wanna be my man Baby, if you wanna be my man Yeah If you wanna be my man Come and buy Golden Crayon
(39:36~40:37) Yeah Oh I'm eating this taste now Golden Crayon, rice blood It's simple, I think Golden Crayon is very simple It's in your home A real sweet potato It's all the taste you can eat on sweet potato But sometimes You just can't go out You don't know when you'll be in the sea And you just want to eat sweet potato Or you think sweet potato is not healthy enough You can actually see This one is actually made I think it's very convenient But it won't be too healthy It's a harmful product Like this golden-crayon rice blood I think this is very interesting It's not salty And it won't make you feel greasy When you bite it And when you chew it The taste of rice and pork blood
(40:37~41:37) And the taste of the rice You'll find it's really a sweet potato Very interesting And one more interesting point It's the flavor of the rice But in fact It's all the sweet potato It's not salty If you're a vegetarian You can eat it without worrying You just treat it as It's a sweet potato It has a sweet potato It doesn't contain any animal ingredients So I think this is a For many people who want to enjoy the taste But for people with various considerations It's a very convenient choice I recommend it here So if you need it You can click on the link in the information column And the link on the top to buy Then I want to talk to you about another topic Another topic This week Actually, Xin Zha Xia will talk Then I just thought of another cut To talk about this thing That is This week I found out Everyone may be very Very delicate news
(41:37~42:37) Wang Da Lu beat someone And Wang Da Lu And he's not a hitman He's a teacher He started the news Don't be too exaggerated It's a crime to kill someone At that time Xin Zha Xia said What? What's Wang Da Lu? He played This This air-conditioned It's too much So is it a dragon fight? No It's like from the plane Or how When I came back to Taiwan Then everyone may be Car or Uber Or something like that Anyway, this is this traffic Then finally When I got on the car The conflict with driver But the current conflict Although there are some statements on the news But there are no words Everyone seems to have a little A little bit of a side effect So I can only say The reason for the side effect Is that the first one is Maybe the driver has a bump And then there are some differences in the middle And it seems like His bike is not good But there is a very absurd reason I'm not sure if it's true He said He wrote a car The reason is because That car is a Tesla Because he doesn't know How to open the door So he's very unsatisfied
(42:37~43:37) I don't know what the reason is But the problem is this thing Because after all I think the news Is also very vague Even the main expression Is to say It's like this So I think this means No one No one confirms So I actually don't know I can only say This may be a discussion This may be a Maybe the situation But at the moment He's in a bad mood He didn't respond immediately What did he do He went to The person he knew Then go to the driver's seat But because it seems to be The following is very cruel So it will appear at the beginning What is the case of killing and raping Because it may really The other person was hit very badly So So it's actually At the beginning The angle of killing and raping To talk about this thing But it seems like This killing and raping Has already been changed to hurt Anyway, the main reason is probably like this This thing actually has There is an interesting turning point Is that Someone just thought about Machio Because the last person Who was the driver of the car Is Machio So there is this media Just went to ask Machio Say
(43:37~44:37) Hey, you heard this news What do you think But because Machio may not be very concerned This social news So he said What is this So after the reporter told him He just heard his reaction His reaction is What Still want to call someone to hit I was thinking at that time Machio is also quite funny But this Machio You have to remember one thing This point is not Is it to hit yourself or someone else Can't hit But it's true Why do you want to hit Is that you will think Cheng Yongdong is very angry Why do you call someone to hit I just think This behavior is very funny And this funny point There is a very funny point Why is he He was found out Is he called to say to hit Because he was Because of the escape from the military Then he was beaten In the process of the operation Because of his phone I found this message I found that he might have Called to say Call someone to hit This driver So that's why I reported this case with him So you will have a kind At that time I felt that Wang Da-lu this person It's impossible for him To live in this society Those people who are not good
(44:37~45:37) I remember his family Actually not bad Because he looks pretty So I believe he is also Welcome by girls He is also a celebrity Of course, a celebrity I will not say that Every celebrity is doing well Gabao He actually faces Some of his career So he's not happy I dare not say that But I think his unhappy No matter how serious In this society He will not be What his unhappy level Will not be what PR95 PR80 Is such a unhappy level He should be A good person At least when he got off the plane Can still call Uber Just this thing I already know that He didn't live so well Then why did he do this Why is he Maybe he's even more Hard to do Like this Like this Like this I think when you Think about it Like this You will think He should not be a good person But this is not the point I want to talk about This reminds me of a few things Actually in the past Taiwan There have been a lot of
(45:37~46:37) Big people's news I just give a few examples here For example Don't talk about Taiwan I also have a secret secretary And then a big Chris Rock And then hit Chris Rock That's in that That That Auska He hit Chris Rock on it That's because Chris Rock Talked about a joke Then this joke It's related to his wife Although there are many There are many on the Internet Some of these experts I don't know how to say it Mingzui For him The reason for hitting Chris Rock I did a lot of analysis But I think from the Reason on the screen I think we don't have to talk so much Because after all He's got a lot of heart That's a thousand turns Only for the wisdom So let's not talk so much I just want to say one thing Because he's talking about his wife's joke So he goes up He has a feeling The feeling he gives Because he humiliated my wife Whether it's because he thinks He's being humiliated Or I think I have to protect my woman He's finally For this matter He went to Taiwan to hit this host One punch This is the reason he hit people You look at it again
(46:37~47:37) Who is that Super Tai Super Tai Iron fist Super Tai Iron fist Toys went to his restaurant to eat And then Toys I did some Maybe more serious reviews Finally, Super Tai can't stand it Just give him It's also a iron fist Super Tai Iron fist Who else hits people? We have time Back to the old days Do you know that Han Gouyu Have played water-based I think many people may know That is, a concerned politician All know this thing Han Gouyu used to play water-based What is the reason for him playing water-based Because they both At that time are the law enforcement Then Uh, water-based I'm looking for a question I forgot the details But it's related to the retreat army It's related to the people The Central Committee He thinks some people's welfare It's too much He thinks it has to be reduced Because he thinks it's possible that the country Of course, I think the people's care Is very important But maybe in the past The country is in the support of this social welfare Maybe there are some unfair places A little too biased Some group So he thinks this thing needs to be adjusted But at that time he said A very strict word
(47:37~48:38) He said I think this is basically raising pigs He used pigs to compare With the people I have to say This is not what I think This thing is very good I think this has something to do with The political circle of Taiwan There is a situation in the world There are some similar situations Everyone will find If I'm just talking about I think the people's welfare is too good I have to reduce some This is not a new point Tomorrow's title I don't know how to put it You just have to say something If you are very close to the report I think now This is taking care of the people It's like raising pigs Wow, this title is so good Tomorrow's title is straight up This sentence sounds so fierce I think this is a bad thing Everyone is doing a lot of work To help the media To lower the standard So I don't think this is a very good thing But at that time For this matter Because he was born in the village So he is a citizen What does he say He is also a part of the same group He immediately went up He was against this Push him a few times Get this
(48:38~49:38) The water bottle needs to be hospitalized Then he actually apologized I shouldn't have moved out So he is willing to be treated The law committee Then is Express that he is About some of his violent acts Some regrets Probably like this Then You know what These things I think he has a common point These are all The first one Everyone will find out These are all boys Then But boys are not the point But it is also the point What they are doing is to hit people They are all for self-respect You see You see If the news is true today Why does Wang Da-lu want to hit people He actually said He found that That Tesla car His door won't open If this is true I'll tell you first If this is true Then he suddenly He felt What kind of bad car Why is it so troublesome He is angry at the moment Why doesn't Wang Da-lu know How to drive a Tesla I'm not sure I've thought about a reasonable reason Because Wang Da-lu has been in China for the past few years China actually has a lot of
(49:38~50:38) More popular Motorcycle brands So maybe Hey Xun Family He sent so many packages again Okay, thank you Thank you Then what did Winter say I sent 50 Okay, thank you Don't send anymore Thank you Then Winter said Today's fan is good Ask who is the guest today Play me Play me Today's guest is Play me Then Like our BIA Because he may I've seen many electric cars in China But maybe Tesla It's not that familiar So at that time He didn't know how to open the car door Do you know Actually I remember Tesla When it started to flow Maybe five or ten years ago I forgot the time Many Tesla When he was on the road Actually the first time I saw that car door I really didn't know how to open Because it's super unresponsive I will have one Because the general car is not designed like this When you first drive Is there a kind of Mom, I'm old But of course There is very little chance This thing to repair others Usually he will help you open the door Even give you some reminder So this is how you can open it He is not just He is not just
(50:38~51:38) You have to open it It's hard to get in You have to walk out It's hard to understand Because he is actually Press the button on the window Press the button on the window Press a little longer He opened it This is a bit like Our mobile phone design concept Because you don't want to do too many buttons Up there So every button There may be more than a number of functions Maybe it's a combination Maybe a little longer Then even press twice All the functions are different So obviously you can Design a button Called open the door But he doesn't want He just said I just put a button Very tight A very tight design That thing is the button on the window Then I'm going to press it more Press a little more I just opened it Super Not straight But because after all He has been on the road for a while So it's been a long time No one should know this But there are still some people who don't know For example In that moment I think he may have self-respect In the situation of entering So he suddenly thinks I'm quite embarrassed He's not really because He's really been hurt Even if he's been involved For a little longer Actually it's not about To hurt a killer
(51:38~52:39) To call someone to beat him He must feel what Some mistakes are being made by my self-respect You see why Why That superman is going to play Toys Because of Toys' speech Will he Pay up for his loss? Maybe But I think Superman looks Not like the person who cares too much about money What does he care about? You're showing me My How to say My My The classic work made by my hard-working For me This thing is Something I especially spend energy on You're just in front of me Directly wash my face Say he's not good I'm really his mother I can't bear it I sent a bunch of videos Telling me How good is my restaurant Say I have spent so much energy Want to be able to do Take the best ingredients You're just telling me My fish is not good How is it possible? I think that's a self-respecting problem Then Today That Korean fish Play water-based Does he have
(52:39~53:39) Does he have the content of the reverse water-based Search? For example, he thinks The reputation of the people This treatment Maybe there are some things to adjust No, he didn't say this thing He said it was to raise pigs So it's a rule and a foundation I think in this society All male violence Is all because of In fact, a mysterious self-respect I think everyone will have one It's easy to think that I was offended Then Under the time when I was offended Everyone has a feeling of being unable to control I'm taking care of you My wife Enter me Enter my group Enter my restaurant Under that time That self-respect That loss Is a A great harm that I can't bear So I have to be under that time I have to use a The way you can't imagine To attack you Completely wrong I want to hit you down to death
(53:39~54:40) I want to hit you to the hospital I want to hit I may even be hurt by the tragedy Or kill people Or kill people Like this serious crime I can't do anything about it In fact, I think For all the boys in this world The biggest problem is How you face these Super meaningless things There are many important things in this world I think self-respect Although it's quite important I may be in the front But absolutely not so ahead I think I just think My male audience should be quite a lot I want to see so many Hit people's events I think everyone can think about it Some values should be put in front of that For example This society The culture of this society The attitude of responsibility For example, violence Don't kill any violence In my heart It's higher than this thing Higher than self-respect I shouldn't do this for self-respect
(54:40~55:43) Okay, I just want to share For everyone We have to be strong But we shouldn't Have a boring self-respect We shouldn't fight for the freedom of the dance Become a reason for fighting There's no reason for fighting I'm breaking my heart I want to say something You've already been in
(55:43~56:44) I don't mind I'm breaking my heart I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I'm breaking my heart I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I'm breaking my heart I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else
(56:44~57:45) You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying You've already been in I can't stop crying I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying
(57:45~59:09) What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else I can't stop crying What else What else What else You've already been in
(59:09~60:09) I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else You've already been in I can't stop crying What else There is a technique It's a low-gluten powder
(60:09~61:11) It's a low-gluten powder like the fried chicken skin It's 9-1 ratio It's 9-1 ratio Because there's less flour So it has low fat So it can be solidified It's a good thing to eat it with the sauce. And it has the texture of the meat. I just ate the other two. It has a different taste. This is the tempura. I think the tempura is a very interesting place. I just ate the rice blood. The rice blood is the new product. I think the taste of the blood is the taste of the pork blood. But you haven't tasted the meat. You can only smell the taste. And the first bite is a little bit like chewing the teeth. The feeling of the tempura is out. The taste of the tempura is out. So the feeling of eating the tempura is very strong.
(61:11~62:11) But of course, the taste of the taste is a bit similar to the taste of the tempura. The taste is closer to the taste of the shrimp. But if you are drinking alcohol, the taste of the tempura is very similar to the taste of the shrimp. I think it's very similar to the taste of the shrimp. The taste and taste are very similar. This is the last one. The spicy oil seasoning. The spicy oil seasoning. When you eat spicy oil, you may also eat that kind of thing. The spicy oil seasoning. We don't throw it into the red pot. It will absorb the spicy oil. But at the same time, it has the same oil. The time is very important at this time. You can throw it into the pot. If you throw it into the pot, it will be rotten. It will absorb the spicy oil. The crispy part will also be soaked in the soft part. At that time, you can put it in the pot and eat it. I think it's the best. Of course, because the taste of the shrimp is not 100% the same as the taste of the shrimp. Like what I said earlier, the soft part is hard. So it's crispy.
(62:11~63:12) But when you eat it, the spicy oil seasoning is very obvious. But the spicy oil seasoning is only a little spicy. So if you are not the kind of person who is going to make spicy challenge food for you, if you are limited in the taste of spicy oil, but you want to try spicy food, I think this is a good idea. So if you are interested in these foods, click the link in the description box. Or the link in the top right corner. Buy the crispy chicken skin. Okay, let's share it. Who said that the chicken skin is not fat? When I wore the chicken skin, I had 8 pieces of chicken. When did I have 8 pieces of chicken? I think I will not be fat. I will not be fat when I was little. I was 35 years old. I ate a lot, but I will never be fat. But after I was 35, I have said before, I was probably...
(63:12~64:12) I was 35 years old, but maybe after I was 37 or 38 years old, I kept increasing with 1kg per year. I kept increasing. And now, I am 68kg. I think this is not the way to go. So after I was in spring, I felt pain, I started to do some control. And when I woke up this morning, I was 65.6 kg. So I had been controlling since I was 68. I was controlling. Do you think I am cool? Ah Xiong said I was fat. I am not fat. I have already said that I am in my 50s. I am a doctor. My body fat is only 21 kg. And I think I have been low recently. I have been in my body fat for 29 kg. I kept increasing and decreasing. And... That's it. KAKSANW said I can do 2.4kg of control. That's not it.
(64:12~65:13) I am still controlling. And... A viewer asked a question. If someone comes to the interview today, and says don't watch it, it's bad. What should I do? He is like trying to challenge me. Are you angry? I want to tell you something. On the Internet, do I watch it? Do I have a lot? Do you have heard of me? Do I hit people? And I don't talk about others. I tell you. Because I don't see many people on the Internet. So I am not sure. I will tell you directly. I don't know how many times I have talked about Li Yichen. I will tell you directly. He really doesn't know how many times. Maybe I just had a meeting with him. When I met him, he ran to me and said, Hey, you are very ugly recently. Have you become bad recently? He said directly to me. He is never polite. Say it directly. Have I ever hit Li Yichen? No, I have never hit Li Yichen. Because it is a objective evaluation. Not objective evaluation. I said it wrong. It is their objective evaluation.
(65:13~66:13) I am also my objective evaluation. I may accept his objective evaluation. Because he has some reasonable points in his objective evaluation. Of course, you are listening. Actually, I think today I... Although sometimes I will give a different feeling. I will be angry at others' negative comments. But when I am angry, it is not because of his negative comments. It is because of his negative comments. Why did he do this? For example, I think the third-party comment is not good to watch recently. What is the reason? Is it because of what happened? Even if he is wrong. But if I feel that he is very... He may be kind and hope that the third-party comment is better. Or he is very loyal. He only wants to mention his own opinion. I think it is not a problem for me. But you know that some people are very annoying. You know that he is treating you. He is making you angry. For example, I think...
(66:13~67:14) Like the previous director said about the supplementary issue. I am actually very angry. What is the reason? Because I think he should not understand. He should not understand. I know he is stupid. But he did not understand the level. So I do not understand why he is being so ridiculous. And then... To hurt people who are very friendly to him. I am telling the truth. I do not have to be friendly to him. But I am always friendly to him. I actually do not understand. I really do not understand. That is it. So I am talking about motivation. motivation. But even so, I have to play the game. I tell you. I have to... I have to... I have to... I have to shoot. No. I do not have to do this. I tell you. If one day, I have a chance to be violent to the director. That is the contract I accepted. And then I agreed. He also agreed. Then we are in a public and fair meeting. And then that time, because I have been through... Maybe one year training. And then the level of the game... I do not know. Do not go to the hot dog king.
(67:14~68:14) I have been with Li Pei Xu for almost nine years. To Li Pei Xu's level. Then I told the director. We went to the top of the world. To a top of the world. Just... I think it's okay to be that level. Why not? That's the only thing I will be violent to. Such a possibility. Actually, I grew up. I have been in the national team for six years. I have talked about it live. I have been in the national team for six years. Just because it was really not cool. Then I had a classmate. But I regretted it later. After that, I have never... I have never been against anyone. I really have not. Because I was angry. And then I used violence against him. I have never. And I have never thought about I have to use violence to solve the problem. I have never. Of course, it may be because I think I can't beat someone. Why make trouble? Kimi said, Ah Guan, on the way to Meng Ming Qi, you will be against him. The first one, I think he will not do this thing. Then...
(68:14~69:15) Ah Guan, he really did this thing. Will you be against him? I will consider the situation. I will consider the situation. What is the most cool reaction? Because you know, under the circumstances of my lack of defense, and then if I want to fight him, because I do not have any confidence, I can make effective attacks. That looks like a battle, right? So at this time, Zhuang Ke Bi, then told him, to fight on the street. It's a subordinate behavior. To fight. We fight on the platform. Then, then six months. Then I asked him for a year. Six months later. Then six months later. Maybe one year is too long. Six months later, we meet on the platform. Then six months later, I will go to make a car. I sit behind a train. Then the train is in the shape of a snake. It's biting to the side. Then I bite there. Do you understand what I mean? Then do some strange features. Or what is it? Eat fire, eat fire with my master. No, I'm kidding. How can you do this thing? Right? I will not do this thing. Okay, let me tell you. Now I will share a... I have been doing this for a while. I don't know why I met so many mysterious people.
(69:15~70:15) These old people give me some very interesting feelings. I recently like to go to the wild. To the wild outskirts. Then a while ago, I went to the wild outskirts. Then I went to a two-star shop on the way. You know, the two-star shop is a small stall. There is no one. Then he may have some sweet potatoes. Then this green vegetables. Then eggs. Then I told you for example, an egg for one box, 100 yuan. Then you took it. You took that box away. But you left 100 yuan there. A two-star shop. Then I was there. Because I was on the road quite often. I met that kind of two-star shop on the way. Then I felt I met it. I walked through it. I felt like this is a kind of chicken. Then I just hugged this kind of fun attitude. I don't buy it. I feel sorry. So I bought it. So I bought it every time. I bought eggs. I bought sweet potatoes. Then I went through a stall. Then I got off the car. The dog near the stall started to bark. He kept barking at me. I was a little scared. I thought, is he going to attack me? The two-star shop
(70:15~71:16) shouldn't be showing it to others. What does it mean to put a dog there? Then the dog owner came over. It seemed like a greedy owner. He said, it's okay. Don't call. Don't call. Do you want to buy something? Then he started to introduce it to me. This celery is great. This radish is great. Then he introduced it to me. Then I saw his stall. There is a piece of black thing. A coffee color. Then it was not in the right shape. I threw it next to it. I thought these three are small. It's 100 yuan. What is this? Is it edible? He said, this is beef tripe. Beef tripe is a kind of precious wood. Some people may take it as a furniture. It will have a special fragrance. It's very expensive. This kind of wood is very expensive. Because it's very rare in Taiwan. I took it out at that time. Beef tripe has a special taste. If you have tasted it, you will not forget it. It's a special taste. I think many people have tasted it. I took it out. I didn't have that taste. The old man said, this is because it may be too old. So you have to rub it to have that taste.
(71:16~72:16) It sounds quite rotten. But because the beef tripe is so big. It's probably just a hand. I think it may be a furniture that remains in the side dish. But because beef tripe is really expensive. I think 100 yuan is quite cheap. Then I also have a pocket money. I have 100 yuan for a pocket money. So I thought I would buy it. I thought it would be fun. I bought it. Then I went to the outdoor area. I like to do things like fire. Because you are in the outdoor area. Because the weather is cold. It's been 10 degrees or 9 degrees in the past. It's really cold on the mountain. So you have to burn the fire with the firewood. I prepared some dragon-eye wood, and some dried grass on the ground. Then I prepared the firewood. I suddenly thought of that piece of wood. It's really beef tripe. It doesn't have any taste. But I suddenly got curious.
(72:16~73:16) I would carry the wood with me. Because you go up the mountain. You would have to step on the wood. Because you have to put it in the big and small. You have to throw it into the firewood. So I would carry the wood with me. Then I took the wood. I put it in a small piece. I thought it would be okay to do it for 100 dollars. I thought it would be okay. I thought it would be hard to do it. So I put it in the firewood. Then I suddenly got the firewood. It was lit. Because it looks like a cow's tripe. There are a lot of fat. There are a lot of fat. The wood can be burnt for a long time. The firewood looks very obvious. Then the smell comes out. It's really cow's tripe. I was blinded. I was on fire. It was about 3 hours. It was about 2 hours. It didn't burn. I thought it was very tender. I was shaking my head. I was grilling meat. I was cooking.
(73:16~74:16) It was shaking the smell of the beef tripe. I thought it was amazing. I thought the old man would put a red one. He told me that the beef tripe was sold for 100 dollars. It was so small. It was beef tripe. I was still burning it. I was thinking that if I had just filmed a video, would someone see it and think that it was a thief. I would burn the beef tripe. That's it. This is the story of the old man. I met a mysterious old man. When I was in Uber. I was in Uber. I was sitting on a chair. I was a little bit older. Maybe 55 or 60 years old. I was not an old man. But I was older than I was. I was a little bit older. I was looking at his back. I felt a little weird. Because that old man that elder
(74:16~75:18) I called him elder that elder he was very ordinary. He didn't have any special place. He was an ordinary Uber driver. But his neck was a little bit behind. I'm not sure if I'm wrong. There is a piece of torn skin. But there is a piece of torn skin. This elder is also not missing. But that torn skin is the symbol of the umbrella company in the 20s ancient. It's a star shape. Then I thought did I see it wrong? How could someone put the sign of umbrella company on it? Then I thought I was wrong. Then Then he But I was looking at it I couldn't help but ask him Big brother, are you playing 20 ancient treasure? You know, that big brother's eyes are shining. He said I tell you, it's been a long time since no one has talked about 20 ancient treasure. I've played 20 ancient treasure since I was young. I haven't played it for a generation.
(75:18~76:18) There was a connection between 20 ancient treasure and me. I also played it every day. I also played it. I met many Japanese people. Then I started to talk with my family. He talked about the journey of playing from generation to generation. His feelings. I'm sure he's older than me. I don't know how old he is. He started playing this thing. But he later went to a far place. Maybe 30 to 40 minutes. We talked about the whole way. We were talking about 20 ancient treasure meetings. I was thinking about it. You didn't think about it. You met a big brother. I'm sure he's 55 years old. He's 55 years old. He has a 20 ancient treasure behind his neck. It's cool. And I think it's because he doesn't understand other games. So he didn't play other things. For him, he has already given his life to 20 ancient treasure. Then we drove half way. Because we talked too happily. He said I have no friends around me.
(76:18~77:18) Only I was playing. So I couldn't talk to others. He was happy. He was driving. I only saw his back. He turned his head. He said, I'll show you something. He has a lot of driver's license. He will bring his mask. He turned his head. His mask is the symbol of 20 ancient treasure company. It's a huge piece of the symbol of the company. He said, I even have a mask. It's a company with a umbrella. I bought 10 masks. I'm fine. I'm changing. It's so touching. You know, it's boring. But you will see something that is very impressive. A person. You will feel that his life is a big piece. He can't be without this. He can't be without this. So he even chose to
(77:18~78:18) have 20 ancient treasure behind his neck. It's so funny. I think it's... It makes me feel like I'm crying. It's so cute. I want to share one last thing. I shared this story when I was on the show. It's a story of an old man. It's a story of an old man. I was on the show on Sunday. I was riding a motorcycle to the Life Park. I was on the way. I was late. So I was riding very fast. I couldn't say how fast I was riding. I had an action at that time. I couldn't tell you how fast I was riding. But you know why I couldn't tell you how fast I was riding. I told you this. I was riding a car called Z900 RS. I like it because it has a very important reason. It's a little bit like the acceleration curve. It will fly up.
(78:18~79:18) Usually, you have about 3,000 rpm. Because the engine and the speed when you have 3,000 rpm, it can be 90 to 100 km. When you have 4,000 rpm, it's 120 km. When you have 5,000 rpm, it's 130 to 140 km. It's 140 km. But you know when Z900 RS started to give you its engine and the engine and the speed when you have 5,000 rpm, it's 140 km. It's just that the engine and the speed when you have 1,000 rpm, it can be faster. You know how fierce this car is. Because I was in a hurry. So that day, I was a little bit fierce. Then
(79:18~80:18) I was riding very fast. Then I was on the road. There was no car on the road. I was riding the Huang Han Road in the north-east. The road is usually on the非-aircraft. There was no car. But I saw there were 3-4 cars and I didn't see clearly its car shape. But they were riding very slowly. Then I was riding them. Because I was riding fast. But then I met a red light and I knew it would stop. Then I followed the car slowly and stopped at the back. Then I saw the car behind me was a man's car. Let me tell you about the Z900RS. The Z900RS's predecessor was Z1 and Z2, Kawasaki's car. Z2 was a Mahler driver
(80:18~81:18) who was a GTO and a race car. He was a Z2 when he was in the race car. So Z2 is a Japanese car. The Z900RS is their grandson. He is the back of the car. But the car behind me is a man's car. The man's car is a Z900RS's uncle or uncle. He has stopped. Why is it called a man's car? Because he was riding fast and fast. Then it looked like a hard-fired car. So his nickname is Z series. In short, I have stopped the car and the Z series. But it is a very strong car. The man's car stopped at the back. And the Z900RS is the car of the Z series. I saw the safety hat. I can see it from the safety hat.
(81:18~82:18) They are all elders. They are older than me. They ride the same old-school car. I met a friend. I was in front of them. So I was behind them. I didn't mean anything. I just want to say that I met a friend. We are all the same. So you are cool. I met a friend. We were waiting until at theity, I was Father. The company
(82:18~83:19) had sent me a It's very special. You can feel the man's sweat slowly coming from behind. He said, I wasn't riding too slowly. I felt like I was riding a few Ape's. What are they like now? When I think like this, he directly pulled me over. I told you, I can't tell you how fast I was. But it was super fast. But he was faster than me. He was over 20km faster than me. I was going out of the car. His companions were like his chit-chats. He was also standing beside me. He was going over the car. I was like, What do you mean? Do you think I'm going to race with you? Ape felt like, he was on a Sunday morning. Around 10am. He was in a good mood. It was a cool day. It was not very hot. It was a rare opportunity. We went to the front to catch some fish. We went out to take a look at the scenery. It was about 5-6km.
(83:19~84:21) I saw a whale. It was so blue. It was all full of water. They were riding so fast. I was thinking, I should follow them? I can tell you that the speed I was riding was a safe barrier for me. If I was riding online, it was a place I had never seen before. I didn't ride that fast. If I was riding online, I would be scared. I wanted to cruise. I didn't think I could get in. I didn't have a car. I didn't have a problem. I didn't think it was dangerous. The road was very straight. There was no red light. Every red light was very far. I just felt that I couldn't get in. I couldn't get in. If I got in, I would be responsible for my own life. I could see Ape getting farther and farther. But at that moment, I felt that the atmosphere... We didn't have any real communication. But the atmosphere gave me a warm feeling. I was just... I was just a few years old. You know what? You still can't...
(84:21~85:41) You still have a heart that you don't know. Your heart doesn't grow because you can't jump up when you are old. You know? At that moment, I knew that these Ape were also ordinary, ordinary, crazy jumps. Here, I help these Ape to play a song. This song is called Kira Kira. Too Young to Live. Too Fast to Die. A song that is most suitable for the band. Too Young to Die. Too Fast... Too Young to Live. Too Fast to Die. Too Young to Live.
(85:41~86:59) Too Young to Live. Be Back to Up. Back to Up. Be Back to Up. Back to Up. Be Back to Up. Back to Up. Be Back to Up. Back to Up.
(86:59~88:28) Back to Up. Too Fast to Live. Too Young to Die.
(88:28~89:34) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
(89:34~90:34) We're the only ones who don't seem to be on stage The days that are full of lies are not over The heat of the day and the heat of the night The night that is full of lies is not over Back to us, we are back to us Back to us, we are back to us Back to us, we are back to us Back to us, we are back to us Back to us, we are back to us Back to us, we are back to us Back to us, we are back to us Actually, President Trump was actually accused of something.
(90:34~91:34) When the U2 was opening up, many people thought that President Trump's attitude was too weak and that's why he caused the U2 war to be so terrible. President Trump had a lot of strength to create a stop to the U2 war. He was very active. He was the president of the EU. The EU was a working group. He was in France, so he was naturally the president. President Trump was working hard to stop the U2 war. He kept talking to Putin. He was very active. He thought that he had a chance to settle the peace. He didn't want to be a warhead. But he did a lot of things that led to his failure. He also made a war.
(91:34~92:37) Many people thought that he was so protective of Putin. Why do you think he was so protective of Putin? He was crazy. Today, a group of people suddenly told you that war is a situation that may happen in the future. This is a very serious situation. Some people say that war is a situation that may happen in the future. President Trump is crazy. He said that he was going to settle the peace. He was going to punish you and take the wall. He might do everything that he was crazy about. He said a lot of things that he didn't do. He was like that. You can't predict people who are crazy. He might say that you don't have to care about them. Even when he was in Ukraine,
(92:37~93:37) I was thinking that he was going to play a big role in the next game. He was going to play a play for Putin. I didn't know that. I really didn't know that. Because it's too hard to predict at the moment, I might say that you won't be doing this anymore. I think President Trump is not like that. He is a very materialistic person. Before the World War II, he was actually a group of people. When a group of people suddenly told you that you can't avoid war, I think the weight of the information is quite heavy. You can say that his opinion is a very important observation. That's probably it. President Ukraine. That's it. I think I just received a message from a viewer. There was a message from a member of the meeting. He said that he loved to gossip.
(93:37~94:39) He liked to listen to my live broadcasts. He was so happy that he couldn't compare to the videos of gossip. He was so happy that he was so happy that he couldn't compare to the videos of gossip. I don't know if it's a joke or not. He listened to my live broadcasts. I don't think he has any charm. I believe that there must be someone in this world who likes me. There is a saying that there is a smell of vinegar in the road. Some people like the smell. So some people like the person who looks like this. I don't think it's weird. But I don't do anything about my live broadcasts. I don't do anything about it. I don't do anything about it. How can I gossip? I just want to ask Ventus. Are you watching the live broadcast now? Are you watching? Because you are a member of the meeting. So you have messages. I just want to ask you a question. What are you gossiping about? Which point do you want to talk about? What do you want to talk about? No, no, no. I'm kidding. Then, Evan said that he has been in trouble with the job.
(94:39~95:39) It's been five years. I'm 31 years old now. I don't know how I feel about my work. I often feel very powerless. The salary of my work is good. The boss is very supportive. But now I have a strong desire to change my job. I have a lot of courage. I really need to give up my job. But what about gossip? Do you have a middle-aged man? Have you ever had this kind of internship? How did you choose that time? I'm not complaining. But honestly, if this kind of problem is the problem of the boss, I should have found that I have answered this question a million times. I actually won't answer too many questions. Maybe there are some minor changes. But I really didn't ask too many questions. I just want to say one thing. You can take my work to the test. But I also suggest that you think about it. Because my personality can make these choices. I'm actually a person who is not afraid of failure. I'm not afraid of loss. I'm not afraid of losing money.
(95:39~96:40) Because I really don't care about these things. I'm only afraid of the lack of a new experience in life. So if I encounter a chance to change, I will change. Just like I said before, I will step down when I see a hole. Even if I know that I may step down, I will fall down and fall into a pit. But when I see a hole, I will not be able to hold on to the impulse. Because I have a personality like this. So I will do many different trials. Some success and some failure. So if you are just looking at it, For example, you want to smell the autumn rose. You have to find a lot of his failure experience. You see that he does these things and it's all bad. The result is all bad. Then you will find a lot of rebellions. But if you want to say that I'm good, you have to find a lot of my success. Actually, there are a lot. I'm just a person like this. So you ask me, I will tell you. Actually, you just have to think about one thing. When you make this choice, how bad can the worst be? Think about it first. You really want to think about it. Then you think about the worst result.
(96:40~97:40) Do you think you can endure it? If you can endure it, then it means that this adventure is not easy to talk about. Just give me a chance to do it. Even if I'm almost 50 years old now, I still think I'm still in the adventure. I didn't leave this road from adventure. I still made a lot of difficult decisions in 2025. I still made a lot of difficult decisions in 2022. These difficult decisions are in the past one or two months. These difficult decisions are in the past one or two months. I just got scared. I just got scared. Do you know what? I can't even raise my old skills. Because of my impulsive decisions, I can't say no more. Who knows? For example, I was on the stage of the group stage, I was the director, I couldn't handle it. I didn't do this for fun. I didn't do that. Like this. Well, it's kind of the end for today. I'm here to read your comments. I think it would be good to share one song.
(97:40~99:39) This song is the 24th of Hong Kong's voice solve. This song is called HAEDLT IN LA 애�some52 It's crazy hot today at 15˚C. It's gonna be one of the hottest days ever. To cool things down, here's a new track by 24Er Québec, hot in the 852. You're listening to Radio 24.
(99:39~100:39) You're listening to Radio 24. You're listening to Radio 24.
(100:39~101:41) We got to do this. Let me see it. Baby up high from left to right. We run the city. We've been kids getting ill. Spark it up. Now we chill. Champagne brunch into continental. Today is like we made it. A toast to the best. All the homies east and west. We're the South 24 crew. We do it for the city. Summertime, easy living. Hope's so sunny. I'm in love with everything. Life's a hobby. I love them girls. Yo who rock their bodies? Embrace the moment. As we cruise along the city line. Everybody rushing to pace. We taking our time. Stay nice like a summer breeze. Cool like the AC on. While we party to our favorites. On after club. Bottles put them up. Good vibes meeting together. It's all love. Drinking and dancing. Midnight romantic. Hot in the 8-5-2. This is what we do. It's hot in the 8-5-2.
(101:41~102:41) It's hot in the 8-5-2. I'll be happy when the skies are blue. I'll be chilling out with my crew. All the homies will be back in town. We'll be cruising till the sun goes down. Then we party till the sun comes up. Summertime, do what we love. It's hot in the 8-5-2. It's hot in the 8-5-2. I'll be happy when the skies are blue. I'll be chilling out with my crew. All the homies will be back in town. We'll be cruising till the sun goes down. Then we party till the sun comes up. Summertime, do what we love. Ready? Yeah. This song, Hot in the 8-5-2. It's the 24th time I'm in Hong Kong. Today's episode is almost over. I'll read some messages from the audience. It's almost 12 o'clock.
(102:41~103:42) If you want to sleep, go to bed. I'll tell you the night. Wait, I'll open the door. Where's the door? Where's the door? Where's the door? Jaden Scott has been in the show for 20 or 30 months. I don't know, 2 years ago. Thank you, Jaden Scott. I just saw... No, it's Harvey's Ling. I just saw it. PKW said that the main character is one of the ten actors in the show. You have to say D. Neng Er. I shouldn't say that he's like a ghost. I'm sorry. He looks more clean. He has glasses. He looks like a ghost. He has a lot of face. He's closer to me. We look like we're in a movie. That's all.
(103:42~104:43) I was just saying... Judy Jiao said, Next time you meet someone, can you say something to hug him? Do you think he's very pungent? Sure. I can't cooperate. I've been calling him to say hello. Whatever. Then Aki... He said, good night. I'll tell you good night. He said, Keep on the live stream. I love you, P.P. I love you, too. He said, I've been in this show for 39 months. I'm happy. I've been in this show for 5 years. Thank you for joining me. Thank you. Then, he said, I love you. Thank you. He said, I love you.
(104:43~105:43) He said, Thank you. I bought onion last time. It's sweet. Onion is my personal favorite. You can choose your own favorite. If you want to eat something sweet, you can buy this. This is crispy. This is fried chicken skin. Then, Base6E, he said, I've been watching Miqi 11. I like it. Miqi 11 is a Korean director. I forgot his name. He went to the movie after the US visit. The setting is interesting. I'm interested. I've seen different reviews. I don't know if it's good or not. I've seen it before. I'll give you my own review. Winter said, I love your outfit. Play Me.
(105:43~106:44) Nash said, I love everyone in the theater. We have to leave the theater for future. We have to do this work three years. The gods continue to month the area. We have to move to another country. We must have good腳 to be in the theater. We have to live with other fans. Man 80L, HuRei ant me, I'mğer to this, I'll make money back for my tableware. It's too bad because of a sign. You'reended for no less than three praised n if— You don't have to be in the small kitchen. Long Kun kitchen is a bit of a luxury. So even if it's a dragon, you can make it in the kitchen. So why don't you go to the big river? That's your space. Qiao Tei BB said, hey hey boss, last time I did Uber, I didn't open the door. I love you boss. I think if you are a person who often does Uber, you should have done it in the past 5 years. So you might have learned it. But if you don't do Uber often,
(106:44~107:44) after all, there are tests everywhere. So it's normal not to do Uber. I really do it often. So I will definitely do it. The secret of the nine-tongue is that while hunting, it's really a good experience. Of course, the process of hunting is a high tide. Sometimes, as a hunter, you have to run, and there are some conditions that need to be濃, and it's not always in a situation of a sale. So when you need to accompany, let me choose to accompany you. As a partner of your hunting, I personally feel very grateful. Welcome everyone. I hope everyone goes well hunting. Then Kai Kai said, once a friend, a friend of his, cut a piece of red rockfish, and when it was recording, it was burned. From 12 o'clock to 12 o'clock, the roundabout was still there. The rockfish was very fragrant, and it was a good waste, but it was so cool. I understand, I understand. That's the feeling. Everyone thinks this is really right. This is a very expensive thing. It's a very valuable thing, but to be honest, that thing, I know it's very valuable, but it's a small piece of paper,
(107:44~108:44) what can you do? You can't do anything. So, is it good to burn? Pan said, I don't know, I think it's been 30 months. I went to the night shift to listen to live broadcast, rest, relax. Pan, I hope you have a relax. Then complete the old-fashioned CACL26H2O. I have joined the meeting for six months. He said, if I get old, I will meet this kind of challenge. I will definitely not be afraid. This is probably also a heavy machine. It looks like H2O. H2O seems to have this. It's also... I remember this. I didn't make a mistake. That car's name. Yes, that's right. There is this car. Ninja H2O. It's not your first company, it's H2O. Ninja's high-end version. Then, Anno. Anno Lin said, Boss Gu, good evening.
(108:44~109:54) Boss Gu, how do you usually adjust the tension? You have to take the first three important exams in your life. Only once a year. And the admission is about 3-5%. Know your own direction. No problem. The more time, the more nervous you are. If you can still sing, like a song, open the door to the fans. I like your live broadcast and pocket with girls. I hope cats can sleep well. I hope so too. Ah... Let's find it. Come on. Open the library. There are many versions of the library. Let's listen to the next one. Open the library. Soudal. H2R. I remember it wrong. H2R. H2R. I was wrong. This is the version of Life. H2R. Listen to the next one.
(109:54~110:54) I know it. Don't remind me. I'm wrong. I don't know what you're thinking Oh, I'm thinking Oh, I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking
(110:54~113:01) I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking Pay回晚安 Oh, I don't know what you're thinking I don't know what you're thinking
(113:01~114:03) I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm gonna take you standing in me I'm going take you standing in It's okay
(114:03~115:04) gotta love a little going to go FM the I'm not sure how to put it on. I'm wearing an old man's underwear. You know, white. Old people wear underwear. I don't know what to do. I think it's a very ordinary underwear, but every time I wear it, people say, isn't this old people's underwear? Or what do young people wear? I want to ask. One day, one day, he asked me to find a friend, a friend named Josh Wu. He said I miss him and wanted to hug him. He said, thank you, Gwaji. He asked me to come over. One day, he wanted to say to Josh Wu, I hugged you and sat down. I hugged you. This old man, Josh, wanted to tell you this.
(115:04~116:04) Then, TENG10L, he said, Gwaji, hello. From five or six years ago, I started watching the first episode of Gwaji's live broadcast. I wanted to say that the first piece of water was for Gwaji's live broadcast. After so long, I finally got it. Although the last episode has changed a lot, I still thank you for spending such a long time with me. I hope you all are well. Many people seem to have changed. But I think Gwaji is the one who loves to be handsome, to be sweet, to be angry, to be violent. I actually really think that I am not the one who has changed. I actually don't think I have changed much. I really think so. Ok, this is not the point. The point is that when you love to be angry, when you love to be violent, you are always very happy. I hope that you will see your new video in the afternoon. Ok, D. All the best, ok? Then, Li Chenghan said, I hope Gwaji will help me to live on the birthday of TENG10L. You see the birthday of happiness. I miss you very much. I also appreciate the time we spent together. I am happy every day at the age of 15. Ok, then I will tell you all about the birthday of happiness. Then, Chenghan said that he really cherish the time you spent together. I hope that everyone will be very happy in the future. Love is the best. That is what I finally said.
(116:04~117:05) Love is the best. This is also a old saying. I don't know. I should have told you about my life with my wife. That is the state of love. I should have said this. Anyway, I finally listen to Gwaji. That is great. Thank you, love will only be blown away. I owe you all a lot. Then, just now C.K. actually wrote a song. Today's last one. I will directly tell everyone about this song. Goodbye. He didn't write a song. He actually said, could you write a song called Cheng Xianjing? I told him, do you go to see Cheng Xianjing's album? Of course, I do. I think it is the first one. Someone is watching the first one just like me. I think, I can only say one thing. I went to see the first one. Then, D.T. told me, he told me today, do you want to see it again today? He thought it would be better today. But if I have to do a live broadcast today, I can't go. That's it. Unfortunately, I saw the first one.
(117:05~118:15) Is there a new song called Chuan Liu? I can't find his new song. It seems like he hasn't been on Chuan Liu.
(118:15~119:18) Who wants to see it? I think it is the first one. Finally, I want to remind you
(119:18~120:19) that if you want some snacks, it is very cheap. It is very worth recommending. Especially, the original, the most classic, I will look for it. This one. Fried chicken skin. This fried chicken skin, the cake is actually 100 grams. It has 39.7 grams of protein. So, it is very helpful for the fitness. It is a low-carb water. And a high protein food. I think it is quite good. And it actually has a international organization, ITI. And a award. This award. I don't know how to read it. Let me see. What is the award? This award is called ITI International Wind and Wind Pavilion Award. The World Wind and Wind Pavilion Award in 2025. This international wind and wind pavilion award is held at the same competition as the World Wind and Wind Pavilion Award. It is a world famous chef who is the main judge who is using the blind side
(120:19~120:39) to judge the taste of the food and the taste of the local food. So, it has the name of the food. So, the award is the Wind and Wind Pavilion Award. So, it is a good snack that even foreigners agree. Okay, here. That's it for today. I will say goodbye to everyone. Good night.
