(00:00~01:02) 
(01:02~02:02) I You
(02:02~03:03) You Hello, guys Hello epis I've been doing this for about two or three times this year. It's become a topic I rarely do. I might only be called this name when it comes to topics. But actually, there are several I've been preparing for this for several days.
(03:03~04:03) I've been doing this for quite a while. I've been doing this for quite a while. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I've been preparing for this for several days. I'm thinking about this topic every year every year. I'm sorry this time, since I apply for this project in May, I should normally only be practicing for this project in January after the year is over. It's been a while since I applied in that venue. Because basically this year would take too long. What I regarding is to stop working, there's a lot of things to do other than sii passionately. Thank you. Jun Hong just mentioned that he's going to see me in Taiwan tomorrow. I'm going to the Bullet Hamburger tomorrow. I'm going to a store in Taiwan.
(04:03~05:05) I'm going to play music. But I have to be honest with you. I know right now. I'm preparing for this week's work. I have other work. I can't tell you what it is. It's a live interview. I'm not ready for DJing. I don't know what song to play. I have no idea. I have a certain chance. I'm free style tomorrow. Because... Ok, that's the way it is. Ok. And then Sanshan said that he has joined the membership for 69 months. Remember this number. This is a very special number. I'm grateful. Because no one is helping me now. So I have to rely on myself. Ok. I think if I really don't like it, I don't have to watch this show. The leadership of the five leaders said that we have to stop the company. We can't vote for NCC. First, I've never asked for this. NCC never thought about working with me. I've said this before. They have asked me to choose the position. I've refused. I've never thought about doing this. Not everyone is like Huang Guoqang.
(05:05~06:05) They only think about how to get the best power. Some people are so greedy. Some people cry all day. For example, like the manager. What? The company is about to collapse. What should I do? I never cried once. I'll give it to him if I want to. And then, I'll carry it myself. I'll cry once with my audience or with anyone around me. I'll cry and say, I need money. Please help me. No, I've never done this before. I just think if you want to laugh, you can laugh at these more harsh people. Get out. I'm in a bad mood today. Ok. Because I'm confused. I've been doing this for a long time. I'm still in a bad mood. I'm confused. I'll just have to take the position. I don't think I can take the position. To be honest, because the process of reduction hasn't started yet. It may be in June. It will start in June. Actually, my goal is to raise the value of 13.
(06:05~07:07) At least 15. I'm raising the value of 15 today. Now, I don't have the financial aid. Of course, financial aid is a company. I still have to pay for it. But I think it should focus on other things. So I don't have to help it. That's it. In 2024, I will do this topic every year. Every year, when there are special contributions to the society and culture, or to the earth, or to the people who have special achievements, I call them the cultural heroes in the human society. They are all good people. They may be bad people. The achievements they have left may be positive and negative. Because people are always complicated. But no matter what, they are in the long-term history of humanity. According to the law, like a small stone, the traces of the river will not be left in the river. But they are just fine. They have left something.
(07:07~08:07) This list is very long. I'm not the only one who can say it. So this is the result after my personal choice. I will have my personal interests or where I can let go. So if you think there are people who are worth to remember, but I didn't say it, it's not because they are not worth it. It's just because I let go. That's it. In January 2020, January 1, the first day of the whole year, we had a former volunteer named Zhang Zhijia. He passed away. This time, because of the past, we have been doing this for a long time. So I think this year we will make a small change. So I will do my best. Some people, I may not know them so well. I don't think I have much to say. I will bring him over soon. But there are some places I think it's worth to keep. I will talk more about it. Then in January 2, Cheng Dengli,
(08:07~09:08) he is a Taiwanese entrepreneur. He is a very famous sports brand, Victory. If Taiwan is playing the game of football, you will know them. He is a international brand. Taiwan's sports brand is also very important to share. He passed away. Then in January 4, Sima Zhongyuan, he was Mr. Wu Yanmei. He passed away. Many people know that when we were young, they often talked about some famous legends on TV, or scary ghost stories. They scared everyone. His name is Xiyang people scared ghost. Chinese people scared ghost. Xiyang people scared ghost. Everyone in the world is scared ghost. It's scary. It's a common memory of many Taiwanese. I think to commemorate Sima Zhongyuan, I prepared a part here. Actually, in 2023, I had done a summer talk. But I didn't read it. I was so shocked. I used this ghost story here to summon Sima Zhongyuan's soul
(09:08~10:08) to the scene. This story is like this. Hello, Guaji. I'm a cartoon character from the first episode of Guaji's Food Fairy. Later, I followed Sima Zhongyuan's new character and Guaji's TV. I heard that I'm a ghost in the show. I always want to find a chance to share the story. That's right. I didn't make a mistake. This is a story that I'm a ghost in the show. I'm about to be killed. I was a professional in the show 20 years ago. My school is the most famous ghost in Taipei. It's a place where you can kill a ghost. It's quite close. The white woman who is holding hands on the street, the wife of a car, and the wife of a car. It sounds very similar to the high-speed grandma. It's even a half-hour ghost story. I heard my ears are about to explode. But I didn't meet any ghost in the summer. I think I'm a ghost in the show. The story began when I was working with
(10:08~11:08) Mr. Chen Jiehe for the construction and manufacturing model project. To put it simply, I was working with the students to build the model for the outside company. At that time, I and Mr. Chen Jiehe were really close to each other. This work was of course a part of our project. It was a holiday near the New Year. The model was built in the early days. We were planning to take Mr. Chen's research as the final home work. The research room was divided into two levels. The internal part was the four teachers' office. The outer part was the studio and the lab. The wood in the middle was only a window that could enter the door. The cabinet was hung on the inside of the door. It was a pink traditional phone. But the door was not connected. There was a Hello Kitty pattern on it. The teacher just let us stay in the studio and model the model. The door in the middle was locked. It was like a story of a push. It was the surrounding environment. The work was going on very fast. The wood was being pushed down. Our hands were still unable to stop
(11:08~12:08) and we were unable to rest. Obviously, the studio was working. We were also working at the lab. But because the school did not allow students to stay at night at the school, in order to prevent the light from coming out from the lab at the door of the school and the police station, we used newspapers to cover the windows and windows and lock the door to the door. The police station was locked. We didn't even go home. We just kept working. It looked like we had to kill students until it was too late. Even though we were young, we were still allowed to work the whole day. But we still kept our eyes on the screen and kept our eyes shut. The air was quiet and we were being thought out by the sound of a phone call. We both got off and looked for the voice and looked for the voice and found the sound of a speaker on the wall. It was a loud voice that was heard. Senior, why did someone come here at this time?
(12:08~13:08) Oh, the police station saw us and asked if we were allowed to go in and out. What are you afraid of? The police station is out of the car. Is it because they want us to go in and out? We kept listening to the phone call. Senior, what should we do? The phone is still ringing. I'm annoyed. Okay, I'll tell him to go to the wall. The phone call was taken by the phone. I was surprised. The sound was not heard in the hall. The voice was not heard. I was confused. What happened? I looked at the phone from the corner and the phone was not connected. It was ringing on the side of the cabinet and I was staring at the door and I was shocked. The light was still very bright. I might have just got out and called
(13:08~14:08) the police and said what? I pulled back from the door. But I couldn't hold my breath. I kept working and I didn't know why I was so quiet. I didn't pay attention to the phone and it was the red phone that didn't ring. The phone was not heard in the hall. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. Do you have doesn't
(14:08~15:09) trust what the state claims? I thought it was and want to hurt you. So you choose to stay there, to make that crazy worry. No matter what, that's because you believe in what you do. What do you believe in? What do you ask the student to do with you? What are you so worried about? I don't think this is a good thing. Alright, that's it. Next, we have... Next is... No. 4 January, and another member of the group, is a young man from the mountains. He's 83 years old. He's a Japanese photographer. His most famous work, I think it's another one for Taiwan. But he's the most famous work in the world. He's shot the album cover of The Blue Dragon. The album cover is his wife, Xiao Ye Yang Zi. Two people. They're looking at each other,
(15:09~16:11) and they're looking at each other. That's the black and white photo. That album cover is shot by Xiao Chan. But for Taiwanese, he doesn't care about Beatles or The Blue Dragon. What's the album cover? What's the most memorable thing? It's from the 80s and 90s. It's like a legendary album cover. It's the Santa Fe of the Palace of Justice. It's a small, three-dimensional cover. It's a complete cover. How many high school students? I think all of them. All the high school students, every class, at least at that time, there was a album cover of the Palace of Justice. How many people have suffered from it? I don't know. But no matter what, you don't remember Xiao Chan's name. But you can't forget his work. Okay. Next is January 15th.
(16:11~17:12) It's because of the dry-eyed state of the city. When he passed away, I spent a long time in the hospital. I talked about his feelings. I think he is one of the last handsome boys in Taiwan's country. There are not many handsome boys in Taiwan. Whether you agree or not, he has a huge impact on the social life of Taiwan. He left a huge mark. Although the Red Mountain Army incident may not be completely agree with me, his thoughts and ideas at that time, I have to say that he never gave up on power and always resisted the spirit. I think you have to say that he is a true handsome boy. Such handsome boys are rare. Okay. Next is Huang Yongfu. Huang Yongfu is a founder of the Taiwan Rainbow Village. He is a retired veteran. He used his unique... The one behind this photo is his Rainbow Village. He used unique talent to bring the cultural characteristics and the people's style to Taiwan's international tourist attractions.
(17:12~18:13) He was nicknamed Rainbow Grandpa. When he was in January 23rd, he died because of the natural causes. Next, there is a photo of me. Rainbow Village. This is... I was able to organize it later. He passed away on January 26th. He is 100 years old. He is a founder of Karaoke. Today, there will be a Karaoke or KTV existence. We all have to thank this big brother, Rainbow Village. His founder. Okay. Next is Zhong Yunhui. He is the singer and singer of Taiwan's guesthouse. He is the leader of the 8th-ing guesthouse. He is the 8th guesthouse's contribution award. He is the first contribution award in the art culture. He is the founder of the Karaoke. He is the most important and most important in the traditional music and promotion of the guesthouse. Okay. This is the first month. Next, we are in February.
(18:13~19:13) This is Carl Withers. He is an American actor. He is a former American football player. I don't know if you all think he is very familiar with the film. He has played many cool movies. For example, in The Fallen Knight, he played Apolylok Lide. He is the opponent of The Fallen Knight. But later, he became a good friend of the enemy. This is Apolylok Lide. He has a very impressive role. He is in the middle class. He is the Predator. He is in a fighting with an alien. He plays a big soldier in the US. He also holds a gun. What is it? What is it called? A big bullet will be like a chain. No, no, no. It will be held in. A gun. I forgot the name of the gun. He is the one who holds a big gun and a new opponent. But in the early and late stages of the story,
(19:13~20:16) he was killed. It's a pity. But the scene he is fighting with him is very cool. I forgot. I forgot the name of the weapon. The weapon is called the Sarmine. My waist. Why did it suddenly fall off? There was a... A white-legged soldier. He said it was not a enemy, but a dead body. That's right. In fact, he became a good friend. He became a good friend. When he was fighting against the Russian, he also fought with each other. The next one is Xiao Ze Zhen Er. Xiao Ze Zhen Er passed away when he was 88 years old. He passed away when he was 6th of February. He is a Japanese intelligence officer. He died in a mental breakdown. I think this one is less known. But I personally like him very much. His name is Richard. Richard Lewis. He is a famous American actor who is a playwright. He likes to use a very mysterious, strange humor style to get everyone's attention.
(20:16~21:18) He has a famous work. He has a drama, a drama and a playwright. It's called Larry David. He has a work that he has performed together. He is a very important character. Taiwan's translation is called Life as a play. It should be on HBO. I have recommended him on my previous live broadcast. I really like this film. It should be a 10th or 11th season. I don't know if it will be the next season. I will see. But I think this film is very interesting. It has a lot of content. It's about the special place of Hollywood industry. It's worth watching. So I think it's a recommendation for everyone. Richard Lewis. Next is Niao Shan Ming. Niao Shan Ming is... I don't need to read the text. I can say it myself. Niao Shan Ming is one of my favorite comics in my life.
(21:18~22:20) I have played with the weird-looking man in the movie. The weird-looking man in the movie. I suddenly forgot about that. It's the movie that started with Larry David. The name of this comic has changed many times. I don't know what the real name of this comic is. Niao Shan Ming is a great place. It has a very humorous plot. It has a full plot. It has interesting world view and mechanical settings. Everyone thinks it's amazing. This feature has been preserved. It's the story of the seven-legged pig. At least it's the same in the first and last season. It's a pity. I don't like the seven-legged pig in the second season. The reason is... I can see that because many readers like it. It's hard to finish the comic. So it has to keep fighting with the pig. I can't figure out why I'm fighting. How much is the fighting power of your friend?
(22:20~23:22) How much is the fighting power now? The number has become so important. It's a pity. But no matter what, Niao Shan Ming's comic has influenced many people. He has a great era. I'm 50 years old now. I'm 30 years old. But he grew up watching the seven-legged pig. I grew up watching the seven-legged pig. We are almost 20 years old. But we can still have the same memories. Niao Shan Ming left a mark on the history of mankind. Not only Asia, but the whole world loved Niao Shan Ming's comic. Even in Central and South America, I remember it was in Moscow or in Brazil. There was a crazy story. I forgot which one was the end. I didn't see the seven-legged pig in the end.
(23:22~24:27) There was a big battle scene. The audience was watching the movie. The audience was watching the movie. They were cheering for the crew. The work left a big impact on the world. Cai Ge is only 30 years old. He should be 35 or 36. He was born in the year of the four-legged pig. He was a Taiwanese publisher. He was a founder of the magazine. He was a young man. He was watching the magazine. He was watching the magazine at school. He was a student. He was watching the magazine. Next is Tarako. She passed away on March 4. She is a co-founder of the Little Pigs. She is a co-founder of the Little Pigs. She is the co-founder of the Little Pigs.
(24:27~25:27) The co-founder of the Little Pigs is always gone. Her memories are gone. I think last year, there were a lot of co-founders who left. Japanese animation started to be popular in the world. Maybe it was the early 80s and 90s. Some famous co-founders were just born. They were only 20 or 30 years old. But they are still working. 40 years later, they are 60 or 70 or 80 years old. They are all old. They are still lost. So last year, there were a lot of co-founders. Some co-founders may not have a strong impression. They may have a very important role. But they may not have a strong impression. But some co-founders have a very important role. They are very brave. One is the 7th year of the Little Pigs. She passed away. She is the co-founder of the Little Pigs.
(25:27~26:27) She left the world. She passed away on August 20. She is 61 years old. She represents the grasshopper tree. She passed away on September 3. She is the co-founder of Doraemon. She left the world. I want to tell you about the story of the Little Pigs. When the Little Pigs were in November, the total number of people who participated in the film were about to be selected for the last 10 days of the SAC2045. At that time, when the Little Pigs were in the film, when he was about to be cast, he started to cry. He was sick. He may have known that he was not human. So he said on the 11th SAC2045, the co-founder of the Little Pigs
(26:27~27:28) might have to be in the final stage of the film. But please don't forget. When you are on the Internet or you are back in the co-founder of the Little Pigs, please don't forget me. We will always be by your side. This film has a full background. Because when you are on the Internet or watching this animation, you may think that we are searching for the name of the Little Pigs. Or you are watching the image of the Little Pigs. You can hear the Little Pigs' voice. But at the same time, it is also in the film when you are on the Internet, where is the Little Pigs? Oh, sorry. I'm Tarako. I put the picture behind me. Little Pigs, and the Little Pigs and the Big Three. I'm not a person who is particularly serious about voice. But these are all my impressions or even my favorite characters. For example, the Public Action Team.
(27:28~28:28) I mentioned this in the interview when I was on the Internet. I asked a question. I asked what kind of work is it that you would watch every single time? I answered the Public Action Team. I watched the animation of the Public Action Team for the first time in high school. I watched it again every few years. I felt that I had new understanding every time I watched it. This work is really interesting and full of depth. There are many details. So I felt it every time I watched it. It is a very classic work. I don't know who I am or what I look like. This is the first time I see his image. In my mind, he is actually a superman. The pig's neck was passed away on March 10. He is a painter. He has worked with many works. He is a very traditional painter. Like the Little Pigs the work of the fire-fire river will become the machine. The electric car, the steel seat
(28:28~29:32) is called the Wu Himei. It is responsible for the main-footed water-based clothing. The steel seat is made of iron. The electric car and the electric little pig are made of iron. It is a very famous painter. I believe that he has too many works. Many people may have seen his works. Even the image left in their mind is very deep. Next, Eric Carman. Eric Carman died on March 11. He passed away. He is a US singer. He is a composer. His songs are based on the melody and the lyrics of the animals. They are widely popular in the world. They have influenced many musicians. What is his most famous work? Let's listen to it now. I never needed anyone
(29:32~30:32) Making love was just a fun Those days are gone Living alone I think of all the friends I've known You will recognize his songs. You must have heard of him. I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person
(30:32~31:32) I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I'm not a person I love so distant and obscure He remains the cure ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone
(31:32~32:34) ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I don't wanna live ś Hard by myself anymore ś I'm not alone
(32:34~33:34) ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I'm not alone ś I'm busy ś I'll marry now ś And cook all the food ś I'm single ś What's my subject I'm so happy to be with you I'm so happy to be with you I'm so happy to be with you I'm so happy to be with you I'm so happy to be with you
(33:34~34:36) Because I think the audience in Taiwan may not have heard the music version I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good
(34:36~35:40) I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good I'm holding your night kiss Look, they didn't say the music version was good Welcome Thank you This is for you It's all you No...... Hi I have to If I never ask you
(35:40~36:40) I don't want to be hard on you I won't be cold to you I won't be hurt I won't ask you What's your problem I hope, I hope, I hope You'll feel hurt, I'm afraid Why don't you look at me Give me a life A woman who can easily be hurt Your eyes They're like my youth The darkness doesn't change Who let me meet the light Let me be the one who loved The more I look at you The purest of the dust I can't smell your kiss A woman who can easily be hurt
(36:40~38:00) I hope, I hope, I hope You'll feel hurt, I'm afraid Why don't you look at me Give me a life A woman who can easily be hurt For you I hope, I hope, I hope The darkness doesn't change Who let me meet the light Let me be the one who loved The more I look at you The more I look at you The more I look at you
(38:00~39:02) The American politician is a US Senate member He's a big fan of violence He's a big fan of violence He might make kids learn and become a killer He's a big fan of violence He's a big fan of violence He's a big fan of violence He's a great example for Taiwan Although there are many people who like to play the computer They don't know him because he's not from the US When you hear this, you'll think he shouldn't be left in this world But in this world, he's a strong friend of Taiwan Because in the US Congress, many of the members of the security party are always against Taiwan's violence And he's one of them So we have to say he's our good friend Thank you for your support in the past Next, on March 28th
(39:02~40:03) A Chinese artist called Ma Situ passed away I think Ma Situ is not a popular artist And she doesn't even know why we have to introduce her But you must know her work She's the author of the movie, The Little Flying So we use two lines from her lines to say goodbye So let the little flying fly Stand up straight, don't be a fool This is Ma Situ's famous quote Next is Qi Bang Yuan He's a Taiwanese artist He passed away on March 28th He was a professor at the University of Central Taiwan He's also a professor at the University of Taiwan He represents the Quai Liu River Oh, Qi Bang Yuan, sorry, I forgot to cut the video Next is on April On April 2nd Zhang Zhaotang, a famous Taiwanese photographer He left the world at the age of 80
(40:03~41:03) He's a photographer and a documentary director He won the Golden Horse Award for 59th Street He won the Central Television Award On April 10th, OJ Simpson passed away He was a famous American filmmaker But he left the world at the age of 80 And one thing that impressed everyone Was a murder case In the murder case He was controlled as a murderer But in the US he was under a lot of controversy The reason is that all the evidence about his murder Were not direct evidence All were indirect evidence But because he was a black man His murder was against a white man So the black man and the white man Were very close to the issue Because the black man would think This is the US law and police system To a innocent black man
(41:03~42:03) To strengthen his guilt So everyone believes that OJ Simpson is innocent But in the white society The biggest fear for them Is to kill the black man OJ Simpson made them feel It's a very scary phenomenon So for them They also felt that No, this thing can't be Guided as a murderer Someone was killed by this thing There must be a murderer No matter how the murderer looks All the evidence is direct But all the directions are OJ Simpson If he was not convicted today It must be Taiwan No, it must be the US law and police system Not strong enough to cause such consequences It caused the whole social bias Even today OJ Simpson is still in many film works And he has a long discussion What was the truth about that year But in the black and white society In the process of confrontation Everyone still has different opinions About who is the murderer This is OJ Simpson
(42:03~43:03) Next is When it was on April 15 There was a actress named Chen Jun Fu She was 38 years old She was passed away Her name was Shanzhu She died from lung cancer She was diagnosed with lung cancer I think here Let's not talk about it I think we should spend 5 minutes To see Her most famous OJ Simpson I think many people have seen it But this is not the point The point is that we are together And then return to the feeling of that time So big I'm so tired I'm so tired Mom It's so cold I told you Yesterday, my dad asked me To go to Shanzhu Her family
(43:03~44:07) Do you know where she is? I think Dad What's wrong? I fell asleep Shanzhu I forgot You forgot? Yes Mom, I want to remind you Shanzhu needs to be careful She has a red girl Red girl? What should we do? You just have to drink water Drink water? Yes Mom, do you want to eat? I'm so tired Just drink it Okay, bye Mom, I don't know where Is she here? Grandpa's protein Wait So disgusting Grandpa's protein, what does it mean?
(44:07~45:08) What's in it? Red skirt What's that? Lighter Two beds Grandpa, I'm sorry I'm so big I'm so big How did you get here? I'm so scared I'm so scared Hat Eye sight Eye sight Grandpa, it's not a dream It's a dream It's a dream
(45:08~46:15) What's the logic? What's this? Hurry up Huh? I haven't drunk it Some people don't like it Some people don't like it I don't like it It's so long I've been looking for it for so long I'm so tired Let's take a break I have a chance
(46:15~47:16) You can't do it So bad Why is it not working? I'm so scared Wait It's me, the yellow girl Yellow girl I picked the one with the highest number of views This is the one with the highest number of views I didn't expect it to be so long I'm so scared What are you doing? This is not what I imagined You just gave me a dream I brought it for you So the treasure of the bank Is a fish tank Don't do it Don't do it I'll beat you I won't do it I'll beat your mom Mom I'm so tired Are you okay?
(47:16~48:17) I've been waiting for his lines He has a very important line Mom, why are you so noisy? Mom, I'm watching a show I saw a girl who likes it Who? What's that? What's that? What's that? I'm so tired I'm so tired I'm so tired This is Wendy You're so good You're so good Wow I'm so tired too Let me tell you I actually picked one with the highest number of views I thought it must be this one I know it's not the classic one I saw one
(48:17~49:17) It's about 181,000 views I thought it was so high The first one was this one I didn't have time to look for it I thought it was this one I didn't expect it to be a very strange bridge I wanted to leave a good memory But it suddenly became a strange thing I can't explain it But I think Chen Junfu He brought a lot of good memories to many people I remember I saw the news He mentioned that his physical condition was not very good But he was working hard He worked hard Whether it's the same age Or he brought more audience He was more happy So I think he's a very respectable performer I just picked the wrong one I think it's a very ridiculous bridge My joke is definitely not that low It's not that strange I'm sorry to say this That's it I'm sorry I'm sorry Sorry Next
(49:17~50:17) In April 18 A British theoretical physicist Bidek Siegers He passed away in 1994 He is an honorary professor of Eiddingbaugh University He is known for his mechanism And the example of Siegers I'm actually I'm very limited to physics Or science So why did I mention this person The reason is Because His theory Exists in a lot of science fiction works Even though you don't understand But you will hear the famous word For example, in Japanese animation You often see the three words What is the word? What is the word? What is the word? What is the word? What is the word? What is the word? So in science fiction works There is a lot of This In physics A very important scientist
(50:17~51:17) He passed away in April Siegers That's him Next This is I am not sure The right idea He is a famous American music producer He is also a record engineer He is also a solo rock band Big Black and Sherlock He has a strong anti-smoking music And unique recording style He used to make albums For Nirvana, Pixies and many other Music albums He worked with Pixies A very classic album There is a very classic song In this album I think many people may not know Who Steve is He may not have listened to Pixies But I just want to play this song I don't think it will be O by myself I think it may be more than 9% I think it will be about 7% I think it will be heard
(51:17~52:19) Because it is a very Many people watch the movie Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind
(52:19~53:23) Stay out In the water See it swimming I would swim in the Caribbean Animals were high in the hand of the rock Except for little fish But they told me Where is China Tops Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Stay out In the water See it swimming
(53:23~54:27) Stay out We can be on the air And head on the ground Try to restrict and spin it Yeah You have a cut out And there's nothing in it And you'll ask yourself Where is my mind Where is my mind Where is my mind Stay out Stay out In the water See it swimming Now you're on the air Stay out
(54:27~55:29) Now you're on the air Stay out Where is my mind eng He was about 18 years old, about 100 years old. So he lived a very long life. He was a very early film producer.
(55:29~56:29) But he continued to produce films in the past few years. And he also played some characters in films. He is a very traditional American film director. He was considered a B-class film king. How amazing was he? In his life of about 98 years, because he couldn't have started his work since he was born. He was born in 1926. He had experienced the first and second world war. He was probably not even started to work in the US. Maybe in the 70s or 80s, American industry was able to feel the scale of the film. So in the 60s and 70s, he started to film films in a crazy way. And now, how many years? Maybe 50 years. Do you know how many films he made? The director didn't care. The director didn't care. He didn't care. He didn't care about the work of the actors. He only made films for producers. He only made 500 films. That means he made at least 10 films a year. How terrible is that? He made 10 films a year.
(56:29~57:32) But of course, you can understand his imagination. And he was a director. He also directed dozens of films. And he had more actors. Think about it. If there was a person who could make more than 10 films a year, or even 20 films, would that be a good film? No. I'm going to talk about his film. Let's hear it. Ba Zua Kwang Sa. He made a film. He made another film. The Golden Lion of the Golden Lion. It's obviously a Taiwanese film. He was making a mess. But he made a very extreme film. So he had to make a film.
(57:32~58:32) But in all these films, there is a film that I personally think is a classic. It's a work of the editor. The Star of the Star. I read this film when I was in college. I really thought it was a masterpiece. It's not a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece. I really think it's a great film. So I recommend it to you. The epidemic is coming. It's a great film. It's a great film. I think it's a great film. We all come from Roger Coleman. I want to thank him. Next is Albert S. Rudy. He was in the film of the Golden Lion in May 25. He was a famous film producer in the US. He was a great film producer. He won the Oscar Best Film Award. He made a film about the Gaffer, the Gaffer and the Star of the Star. The Gaffer and the Star of the Star. It's a Million Dollar Baby. There are two films. The one in the front is Martin Scherzitz. Is it a Kepler or a Marxist?
(58:32~59:32) I forget which one. One is a Gaffer, the director. The director of Million Dollar Baby is Kepler and the Star of the Star. I like both films. It's great. The Gaffer was born on May 29. He was born in Taiwan. He was 85 years old. He was a painter and an image worker. He was a musician. He was a great film producer. I don't remember the name. I was afraid I said it wrong. Now you are confused. This is Roger Coleman. This is Albert S. Rudy. He is a producer. This is Ray Xiang. Next is William Anders. He is a American. He is also a member of the 8th Aboled Mission. He is a space man. He is a famous actor like Armstrong. He is a big man. He is a big man. What is the important asset of William Anders? It's a photo taken on the moon. It's a photo of the world.
(59:32~60:32) It's a photo of the world. It's a photo of the world. It's a photo of the world. This is the first time I use the moon's perspective. It's called Earthrise. Moonrise is the most lively photo. But this photo is the photo of the Earth rising on the moon. So you will know that when we think when we look at the moon on the Earth and we look at the moon on the moon the Earth will be like the moon. Then it will rise on the horizon. But we have to say that this photo is not taken on the moon's perspective. It's taken on the moon's orbit. The moon has the influence on the shadow of the tide. So the moon will always face the Earth with the same face. So in terms of the star, you can't see the Earth because it's always the same face. So you can see the Earth in any angle. There is a saying, Dark side of the moon, you can't see the Earth.
(60:32~61:32) So you can't see the Earth in any angle. So this photo is taken because it's on the moon's orbit. So you can see the Earth rising. So you can take this photo. It's also thought that it has the influence on the nature of the environment. I believe many people have seen this photo. It's a cool photo. William M. Durs. Next, he is Donald Sutherland. He is a famous actor in Canada. He has been acting in the military, military, and military hospital for 60 years. He has played games and TV series for hundreds of films. He has played many roles in the war. The character is a famous character in Hollywood. Next, he is Shifty Shell Shark. He is the
(61:32~62:32) American rock band Crazy Town. The main singer. The band is a popular song Butterfly. The music style is a combination of rock and rock. It's a popular song for young people. We will listen to it here. I didn't find his song. Oh my god. I should listen to his song. Butterfly Crazy Town. Let's listen to this song. I am a man. I am a man.
(62:32~63:32) I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man.
(63:32~64:32) I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man.
(64:32~65:33) I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. Yo, my pretty baby, I'll make you electric She'll make me go crazy Come on, lady, come Come come, ladies In my butterfly Sugar, baby Come, ladies Yo, my pretty baby, I'll make you electric She'll make me go crazy Come my lady, come Come my lady Do my butterfly Sugar, baby Come on, ladies Yo, my pretty boyfriend She's gonna make me goin' crazy For me to make me Can't make me Can't make me Yeah, I'm so make me Ooh, yeah Do you come on, lady He was the most mountain king when he was in the North of the South of the White Wolf Valley in France. And then it was August. August,
(65:33~66:34) the first person to pass through August was a very special person. This is Zhang Yuanzhi, I didn't put his photo on it. And then it was July, Xiao Yuan and Eili. And then I just mentioned it. Next is August. August had a little white-ish voice. But I think his story is very special. So I especially put him... Actually, someone mentioned Zhang Yuanzhi as a good friend of Chen Dezheng. Because I also know Chen Dezheng. Zhang Yuanzhi, I don't know this person himself, but I have a lot of friends around me, it seems to be good friends with him. So when he passed away, I had a lot of good friends, and I sent a message to him. But because I really don't know him, I don't know what to say. I think I used someone else's words to describe him. I think it's a little bit... It's not a very good behavior. So I try to say what I can say. Okay, okay. Next, this little white-ish voice, his name is Harjimil.
(66:34~67:36) Harjimil is actually in Norway. Because he was discovered in Norway. In Norway, Harjimil means white-ish. But Jimil is a part of the name of the Pudding. Why is it called Harjimil? The reason is because when he was discovered, he had a GoPro on his body. And then he seemed to be very anxious and wanted to take down the GoPro on his body. He just went there. Some people thought that he had a GoPro on his body, so he took down the GoPro. Then he found that this Pudding seems to be very close to humans. And you know him better than some of his friends. He obviously went through training. So at the end of the day, the zookeeper was sentenced. The zookeeper in Norway was sentenced to say that he was likely to train in the country and then make a little white-ish voice. I don't know why, but he was just in Norway and then he was discovered. He just didn't leave. But this is actually very scientific. Because it's hard to imagine what you're going to do when you train animals.
(67:36~68:38) Isn't this just a story that appears in the red scene? The red scene is a long time ago in the real war. There was really a use of a pirate team to be a weapon. So it's a terrible case that the evil nation's spy, anyway, is very strange. But this is actually a very bad experience. Because they actually were in a place in the sea in Norway. But at the beginning, they didn't know how to make up for themselves. They were used to making up for themselves. So they didn't know how long they'd been living. They discovered that there were some wounds on their body. Then they discovered that the wound was caused by the blood of the Roshan River. Because it was very common to have a human boat. Humans didn't want to hurt it. But they wanted to be close to humans and make up for their food. So they died and they were hurt. Then they discovered that one day they found that their teeth were all gone. But they didn't know what to do. So they had a way to make up for it.
(68:38~69:39) They were probably going to bite the boat's fin. And they were probably going to attract people's attention. So they didn't know that their teeth were all gone. And it actually sounds like a sad story. There was once a tourist who went to the sea. Because he became a small, famous wild creature in Norway. So someone went there to look for him. And they wanted to take his phone to take pictures of him. But he accidentally dropped his phone into the sea. And they thought, oh no, his phone is gone. So at that time, this little white gold, his earring, went into the water to help him cut his phone back. So actually he had a lot of beautiful stories that were very touching. But he was always having a bad time. Later, in August of this year, he was found dead on the sea. According to the Norwegian animal protection group, they said that they saw a bullet on his body. A shot. A hit. But why would anyone want to shoot him with a gun?
(69:39~70:40) The reason is unknown. Of course, there might be people who hate small white gold. Or they want to make a scene. And the Norwegian had some bad kids. They took the gun to shoot him. This is possible. But after all, he was once a poodle. Is it possible that poodles can't be seen? This poodle used English words, which is just a rogue. He was already a traitor. So he decided to save him. This is not a good idea. But according to the Norwegian official, he didn't have any bullets. But this thing, because both sides have a needle. So I'm here to take the place of the general. I don't know what the truth is. He said, but the Norwegian official said that he found a small wooden stick stuck in his throat. When he was found dead, there was no food at all. The organs were all destroyed. So it's very possible. Because he accidentally swallowed the wooden stick,
(70:40~71:41) which caused him to die of hunger. But why would he swallow a wooden stick? I think if he stayed in the sea, he would suddenly go to the wooden stick and shout it out. You can imagine the most possible situation. Someone was in the sea, and he wanted to throw a wooden stick at him. He thought it was food. He swallowed the stick. Then he stuck it in his throat. This is a sad story. A story of a little white-haired person. Okay, let's move on. He is 95 years old. He is a professional doctor in Taiwan. He is the director of the Medical Academy of Taiwan. He is the director of the Medical Academy of Taiwan. He is the director of the Medical Academy of Taiwan. He is the director of the Medical Academy of Taiwan. Next, I just mentioned Tian Zhong Dunzi. This is Maria Branias Mollela. Sorry, I don't know her name.
(71:41~72:42) She is from Spain. She is a superhuman. Why did she introduce him? He is the longest person in the world. He is 117 years old and 168 days old. He is the one who is in the fire for the longest time. This is Yalan Der Lun. He has introduced her story in the new documentary. She was a super-young girl who was in panic when she was young. She is a very famous French actress. She passed away when she was 88 years old. Next is Li Zheng Dao. He is 97 years old. He is a Chinese medical student in the United States. He is the owner of the Nobel Prize in Physics. He won the Nobel Prize in 1957. Next is Ms. Pomong. She left her room when she was 8th of August. She was 98 years old. She is a professor in the American education department.
(72:42~73:42) She is the most famous actress in Taiwan. She chose the eastern Chinese line in 1951. She is a teacher in the Chinese school of education. She also has a long history of teaching in the U.S. as well as the teaching of the U.S. and the Thai. She is also a teacher in the U.S. and she has a name of her. She was a teacher in the U.S. in 1960. She is a teacher in the English school of education. She is a teacher in the English school of education. She was founded in 1963 by Tianyun Co-op. She is the first Taiwanese co-op. I have talked about this before. I have never met her before. I have a small story with her. I think I should talk about it again. It is a chance to talk about it. I have made a video about her in the early days.
(73:42~74:47) She is a teacher in the English school of education. Her name is the English school of education. She changed her name to the English school of education. It means parody. I think this is not in the international or in the U.S. or the US. It is a very common behavior to use parody to make fun of people. It is not a bad thing to do. It is a joke. We made a video like this. The English teacher was dissatisfied with this. They thought the content might be a bit too much for the brand. So they even asked a lawyer to deal with us. I also talked to my lawyer. He thought we were the best in law. I felt Taiwan is gradually growing. I hope to establish a free language.
(74:47~75:50) You know parody is a good way to do things. I wanted to sue them. I was very strong at that time. I was going to the court. I also met their lawyer. I also talked about this when I was on live. Everyone was in a hot mood. The audience in Taiwan must have high rates of criticism. They liked to see this kind of big things happen. They said they wanted to sue people. They were very happy. But I didn't expect to see this. I decided to change the video. I quit. I was mocked for a while. I asked Qiu Wei to talk to me. I asked Qiu if I was going to leave. I explained it to Qiu. I will make some more details. I didn't know what to say.
(75:50~76:50) I was totally convinced. I wanted to do this. But there was a famous person. I didn't know if he would talk about this. I could only say that if you are Taiwanese, you are 100% Chinese. I think he is famous in Chinese. I think you will know him 100% if you speak his name. No one knows him. He sent me a message. He said, are you free to have coffee with you? I didn't know him. He said he would have coffee with me. I said, OK, I will have coffee with you. I asked him when he told me that I will drive to your office. Where is your office? I thought he would drive. I was very famous. I didn't know him. He drove to my office. I remember it was a cheap car. I was sorry, I don't understand.
(76:50~77:50) But with his price, he could buy a car with 30 million to 50 million. But he drove a cheap car. Maybe 60-70 million. He didn't have any special equipment. I drove to my office. I thought it was reasonable. If he drove a car with 30 million, he would think who is the first one. He must be a famous person. He would care about who is driving. He would feel awkward when he drove. But he wanted to be low-key. So he drove a cheap car. I thought he would take me to a coffee shop. I found a cup of coffee on the glass. He might think it's inconvenient. He was very famous. So he said, let's have coffee together. We can drink at the car. He drove around Taipei. I had coffee with him. I had a chat with him. Then I suddenly heard
(77:50~78:50) that you are going to have a legal dispute with English teacher. He said, I think that when he was young, he came to Taiwan to help. He did a lot of things. I think he is old now. I'm not saying you did wrong. But I think it's not necessary. He needs to feel sad. I didn't mean to say anything bad to him. I didn't want him to be unhappy. I just thought it was not wrong. So I thought it was a fight. But then I was told, you are right. You need to be serious about everything. I'm not a politician. I'm not a politician. I'm a very famous politician. If I were a politician, I would be a big hit. Because politicians do everything.
(78:50~79:50) In the political circle, 99.9% are not very pure. Only for the purpose. For the purpose. Many people do things for the right reasons. But they do things for themselves. No one is very simple. So if I were a politician, I would be very serious. But he is not. He is a person who thinks if you don't give him face, you are not human. So I can't talk about details. I can only talk about it. So I decided to let go of this. Thank you very much, Ms. Peng. Thank you for your contribution in Taiwan. Whether it is a legacy of Taiwan, or a group of people who are left behind, or an air-convict teacher, I think it is all in the memory of Taiwan. Or the very important asset in life. That's it.
(79:50~80:50) This is a special miracle in my life. Because you never thought that person would drive you to death. You would think why would you know this? How could you know that you are an air-convict teacher? You probably wouldn't know. It's weird. Next is September. Xu Shaoqiang, when he was young, he was a Hong Kong actor and a martial arts director. He died in the 10th year of the Chinese War. I will read a quote from his lines. Then I will make a memory. Only the 18th of the Chinese War can hurt me. I don't know if you know what I am talking about. Okay. Next is September 17th. He was born in the 10th year of the Chinese War. He was born in the 60s. He is a professional voice actor in Taiwan. He passed away. The most famous thing is that he is a voice actor in the Chinese War. All the Chinese movies and the strange sounds are made by the voice of the Spanish.
(80:50~81:50) So if the performance of the Chinese characters in Taiwan is 30% of the performance is thanks to the professional voice acting. Xu Jiabei He passed away in the year 47 in September 18th, in the year of the Chinese War. He is a political figure in Taiwan. He is a member of the Hong Kong National Party and a member of the Taiwan National Party. He is a member of the Taiwan National Party and a member of the Taiwan National Party. His story is actually a little bit different from what I have shared. Although he is a positive generation, he is a local service. He is a very serious employee. He is a positive generation. He is a good person. He is a good person. Okay. The modern era is the 90s. He is a Japanese voice actor. He is a voice actor in the Japanese War.
(81:50~82:50) He passed away in October 11th, in the year of the Chinese War. He passed away in October 19th, he is a Taiwanese media person. He is a classic Taiwanese voice actor. I will say a few words. This is the only thing that only three people in the world know about. Next is Yaxuan. He passed away in October 11th, in the year of the Chinese War. He was originally a Taiwanese poet. He is actually a poet from the previous generation. When I was young, I bought and read his poems. He has long been a poet and he is a poet of the right and left. I think that he has many poems. Although he is a earlier poet, he has many poems that you can still feel that he is very good at writing. The most important thing is that he has some feelings about the society, the culture, and the mutual feelings. I think he writes very well.
(82:50~83:50) I have two poems written by him. One is called The God. It is written by God. It is written by Gu Lingling sitting on the chair of the church. The priest was taken by the Moos. This poem is very obvious. He wants to express a very short poem. It is written by Miao. It means that he believes in God. He does not believe in God. It is just that he lacks a trust in the current religion. He cannot be respected and worshiped on the altar. Why? Because the Moos have taken over the place. The next one is called Salt. It is salt. Salt from the seasoning. Mother Er, Ya Gen has never seen the lioness of the wild. He only called a sentence.
(83:50~84:50) Ya Na, Ya Na. Give me a piece of salt. The angels sing on the fish tree. The year was almost over. The lioness of the Moos has never been in the sea in the seven hundred miles. In the head of Mother Er, there is no grass in the tree. He only called a sentence. Ya Na, Ya Na. Give me a piece of salt. The angels are laughing at him. In the year of the Moos in the year of the Moos the people of the Party arrived at the farm. Mother Er, fell on the national foot of the fish tree. She walked into the wild and she was in the kitchen. And a lot of voices were heard in the wind. Ya Na, Ya Na. Give me a piece of salt. The year of the Moos was almost over. The lioness of the Moos
(84:50~85:50) has never been in the same farm with Mother Er. This poem was actually talking about his mother Er. Before he died he had never seen a single eye. He had never seen a single eye. Maybe he believes there are gods and angels in this poem. The faith is not all false. But when Mother Er needs salt they give him some. They give him some. In 1911 the so-called people of the Revolution arrived at the farm. The farm was in the past. The times have changed. But Mother Er what happened to her? She walked into the wild
(85:50~86:50) and she was in the kitchen. Mother Er used a very beautiful way to say she left. And she said that she liked her father and she wanted to come to the farm. She loved her father and she wanted to do a good job of doing it. Mother Er had never seen a single eye. We had never seen a single eye. But when Mother Er came to the farm she said she loved her father and she wanted to come to the farm. Mr. Guan Jiolang and... I suddenly forgot another director's name There is character named Tian Yaong The actor I like best He has played many movies and Japanese roles His acting is so brilliant
(86:50~87:50) Oh sorry As long as I give you a look at his organ you will do this Who am I talking about capacitive Nie He Wailing In October of 2021, I was born in a 99-year-old Chinese girl. She is a Chinese artist from Meiji. She was born in a Chinese semi-moon hall, and is a editor at the magazine. Her work is called The Red Rain. She was born in October of 2017, and she was born in a 81-year-old Chinese girl. She is a Taiwanese actor. She has played a lot of opera, and she has also played some entertainment programs. Meiji was born in October of 2020, and she was born in a 88-year-old Chinese girl. She is a Japanese comic artist, and she is not old. Meiji has influenced Japanese horror comics with a lot of characters. Like the one I like, The One-Street Run 2, which has been said that she has been influenced by Meiji. But Meiji is not very creative.
(87:50~88:52) She has the most famous works, such as The Snowman, and her last work, which is called The Snowman. She is still young at the age of 14. She was already... She was not interested in painting, but she didn't want to. But she has a unique personality, and she has continued to do many Chinese shows. Many people like to find her to make fun of her. She has also starred in horror movies, and has been a director. She is a very wonderful and creative person. She was born on October 31, and was born in the middle of the year. She is a soldier from the Taiwan Army Special Forces, and is on the war in Ukraine. She was the main source of her support and helped the people of Ukraine. But it's a pity that she was in the war, and was killed.
(88:52~89:53) She was a producer of music in the US, and she was a writer, and she had five generations of career. She won 79 Goliaths and 27 awards. She was very good. In 1991, she won the Goliaths and the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards for the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations. And she won three awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won three awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations, and won four awards of the National Congress of the United Nations during the 1950s. but in fact, the R&B or Rouser songs are often played by the same people.
(89:53~90:57) This song is called Misty. Look at me, I'm as helpless as a kitten of a tree and I feel like I'm clinging to a cloud I can't understand, I get misty just holding your hand
(90:57~91:59) Watch my way, and a thousand miles the years begin to play Oh, it might be the sound of your head out that music I hear I get misty the moment you're near You can say that you're leaving But is your heart out to you? I'm not sure if you know this song I've talked about Qiong Yao before I don't like Qiong Yao's works Her dramas, no matter what it is, like The Heart of the Moon, The Pearl Princess, I've watched them all, but I haven't finished watching them because I don't like them
(91:59~93:01) Her political image, of course, is also with me in the North and South because she had once openly stopped Korean, so I can't do it But you say she has an influence on Taiwan's popular culture You can't deny this And I think she's a life-long person, and she's also a life-long and lively person And when she left, she was also a free person with dignity, and she chose to walk on this path So I have to say she's also a handsome guy Although girls talk like this, it's a bit strange But if I think Shimin is a handsome guy, she's also handsome She's a person that people want to remember Oh, I forgot to change the photo And then... Next is Zhongshan Meisui
(93:01~94:01) Zhongshan Meisui is a Japanese idol She was once known as one of the four great idols in Japan in the 1980s She also continued to act in the acting industry She sang or acted in the idol drama or movies She had a great performance She ended up being a hot-blooded idol when she was 54 She once worked with Muchun She played the drama, The Shining And she won the 19th Best Female lead in the Japanese Academy She has a famous song in music It's called 1993 When she released a song, she was the most famous in the world This album sold over 2 million copies It was the single record of the female lead Only the female lead in the 1980s had a record of over 2 million copies
(94:01~95:02) Since 1988, she has been the leading actor in Japan for 7 years She has been on the show for over a year And she has been on the show for a long time This is Zhongshan Meisui I'll play this song here The song is the best song in the world She is a great singer She has a great voice She is a great singer She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice
(95:02~96:04) She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice She has a great voice The end of the words I've been looking for them all along I've been looking for them all along I've been looking for them all along I've shown you so many tears
(96:04~97:11) in over a long period of time I've been stocking them up And I've played many high If not, I am happy March 4 76 In December 4th, a young girl named Chen Meihui died of a car accident. She was only 39 years old.
(97:11~98:15) She was the chief of the XREX shopping mall in Taiwan. She had broken some of the cases when she was in the city. So, some people suspected that she had some bruises. They thought she had just had a good time. But she suddenly left. Is it because of something? I don't have any answer to this. But... I have a small regret. I didn't have the chance to do live streaming. But it's a pity that this never happened. The last person who died in 2020
(98:15~99:15) The last person who died in 2020 The last person who died in 2020 The last person who died in 2020 I don't even have any feelings for her. I don't like her. But as the last person who died in 2020 I think it's very reasonable. She is a teacher of Liu Jiachang. She left a lot of important influence in the music industry in Taiwan. She made a lot of songs with quick-witted people. For example, the theme song of the song, Ting Yuan Shengsheng, Ting Yuan Shengshengsheng Ji Xu I sing badly. I sing badly? I don't care. But I don't like her. Because I think her song is not good. Her song is not my type. But her political image is the same as me. Especially in recent years, she has made a lot of positive comments.
(99:15~100:23) Every song makes me feel uncomfortable. But she is a legendary person in the music industry in Taiwan. No matter how many people she has made a lot of songs with quick-witted people, these achievements cannot be destroyed. She is a very memorable person in Taiwan's popular culture. As the last person who died in 2020, I think it's time to use her song to say good night to everyone. This is her song. I think it's time to sing.
(100:23~101:31) I think it's time to sing. The future is a beautiful life. The moon is walking in the dream. I wish you a bright and beautiful night. Good night, good night.
(101:31~102:33) In this life, tomorrow. I wish you a bright and beautiful night. Good night, good night. Let us hold on to this life. To see the bright future. To see the beautiful future.
(102:33~103:35) To see the beautiful life. The moon is walking in the dream. I wish you a bright and beautiful night. Good night, good night. In this life, tomorrow. Good night, good night.
(103:35~104:36) I forgot that someone invited me to sing. I remember that. I have told you a story. I have told you a story before. It was in July of the Chinese New Year. In Lexi, they held a special event. They invited me and A-Shan, the four-member group, to perform together. A-Shan didn't use DJ. I didn't. They told me that they only wanted to sing. They wanted to sing and play. It was not that easy. I was nervous. I asked a DJ in Taiwan. He asked me how to do it. He told me how many times. I just did it. I didn't expect that. I said, I can do it. I didn't learn it. I felt that I was under great pressure. I asked a DJ several times. I was busy with other things. I didn't get into the class.
(104:36~105:38) I was cool. I didn't know how cool it was. I was really good at DJing. I was able to listen to music. I was good at it. I was cool. But it may change. Why? Because... He always wanted to learn DJ. He told me that he was playing DJ. He said that he would play DJ. But he was better than me. He was better than me. He didn't learn it. But he felt that he had a difference. He said that we should practice together. We should find a time to practice together. After practicing, we started the show together. We went to the Saab. We opened in Nangang.
(105:38~106:38) There was a small factory in the north. About 800 people. It is now... TaiTong Li Yicheng. Yang Da-zheng. Di La. The old Sa Tai-a-le. They spent all their money together. They called the factory. We went to Saab. We made a promise. They are serious now. I told them that I would practice. I didn't care. I was in the middle of the show. I was lost. I asked how was the Saturday night. I don't know if it was okay. I told them that I would practice on Saturday night. We decided to practice on Saturday night. We said we would practice. We were so excited. I think there is a chance. Because Di La was busy with the show.
(106:38~107:39) He didn't have enough time. He didn't have the time to practice. But he was in a hurry. He was in a hurry. I said he's busy. He said I came to have coffee with him. I told him that he was busy. I thought he was tired. He asked me twice or three times. I didn't go. I felt that he was not good with the show. I felt that he was in a hurry. Except for the show. He didn't have much time to practice. I was in a hurry. He didn't have much time to practice. I was in a hurry. I felt that he was in a hurry. I don't think I'm strong, so I don't know what will happen. But Dila has a lot of ideas, but I don't know what will happen. He might not be the type of person who is going to be voted. He might feel sorry for the votes, he might feel sorry for others.
(107:39~108:46) He thinks that when the venue is empty, we can just open it. He wants to listen to what we are saying. He wants to drink some wine, and then he can just drink. He can just drink the wine and then the votes are gone. He thinks that he doesn't know what will happen. That's it. Maybe something will happen with Dila's podcast. But I don't want to make it up. That's it. Thank you so much for joining me today. I'm going to have a secret confession this year. I'll find another time to tell you about it. Alright, let's get ready to go to bed. Bye bye. No way. I'm sure it's a bad time. I have no idea what's going on between me and Dila.
(108:46~109:13) Alright, let's just open it. Let's just open the podcast. I don't want to talk about this to others. I'm really annoyed. I don't want to talk about it. Good night. But I haven't thought about it until I'm a DJ.
