(00:00~01:02) 
(01:02~02:14) I I Just someone said he wanted to go see what the heaven is Go go go go Okay, thank you, Jackie. Come on, say thank you Wow I
(02:14~03:15) They see 我看到了我会注意的 不用担心的 I'm sure you will do it. Let's start today's episode of the KWAA TV series, EP207. Today's theme is, What should I do? What should I do? Alright, later we'll explain what happened. But the beginning is to talk about some boring stories. The first is my today's cover. Actually, it's a... You see me wearing a polo shirt. Actually, I haven't worn a polo shirt in so many years. Because I tell you, I was about 30 years old. Actually, I wear a polo shirt quite often. Because at that time, I thought that people in some age should wear some matching clothes, similar to some clothes. Because my face looks very childish. I don't know if you have the basic concept. In general, clothes without a collar are considered to be more casual. A casual, casual clothes. It's not a bad idea. But if you go to some formal occasions, for example, you wear this kind of round collar, without a collar, people will think that you are too casual. So at this time, there is a kind of belonging, that is, the relationship between the shirt and the shirt. What is that? That is the polo shirt.
(03:15~04:15) It's a little bit like, you are not too casual. But basically, it's a casual outfit. Actually, I love to wear it. And then, because it's the year of the year, many people say, this thing is old, so people will wear it. So I slowly put on some maybe not so nice polo shirts. I keep them in the closet, and I put them away. I only left one or two. I think, what should I do? It's very nice. I can't bear to throw it away. I keep them. And then, I was on a weekday, actually, there was a, a factory, they opened a party. And then, because there was a, actually, it's like a website, it's about to get married in Taiwan. So he invited many Taiwanese creators, and then, like, KOL, there were, there were, there were, there were people who left. Anyway, there was a, I think, that store I think, I can't say it either. Tostaria, this place. And then, it's a nice restaurant. It's very old. I used to eat it when I was a kid. Tostaria, in this restaurant. And then, over there, this is, this is, eating breakfast. Probably like this. But he set up a dress code. That dress code, I don't know why.
(04:15~05:16) He actually wrote something on it, called, he actually wrote dress code, or, dress code. And then, green and white. The color alone, doesn't have any political meaning. I think it's just like, to express, it's like, green and white, maybe it's just like this, it looks good. But I don't know why. Because that's when I saw the invitation of the party. And then, I promised to go. But I don't know why. In my mind, I transferred it into Gaor Fuchu's dress code. Actually, he clearly said, he's dress code. But I remember it's Gaor Fuchu. So that day, I wore this, a green, polo shirt, and a white suit. Actually, I think I dressed really well. I think I did a good job. But, this thing, a little bit, what should I say? It's just, I saw a lot of girls wearing white-collar dress. A short white-collar dress. I thought, oh, girls wear Gaor Fuchu's dress code. I looked at it more and more. I saw Marsy, Marsy is here. She wore a, a snake hat. But it's not on top.
(05:16~06:17) It's just a ring. I don't know what's the name of it. It's just that people wear it online. I said, what's the dress code for today? He said, it's online. I should wear short clothes online. So embarrassing. I'm sorry. Anyway, Zongying is really a little awkward. But fortunately, I think the guy I went to that day, I think girls wear it very beautifully. They wear it seriously. But for boys at the scene, I think eight or nine layers, basically, they're all messed up. What's the sword, the little tail, I can't tell them. They're wearing it as they were wearing the dress code. Basically, it's their original appearance. So I think about it. Actually, I'm wearing this. It looks like I'm messing up. So I think, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. I have a, it's not a small story. It's a question. I'm curious to ask you. I went to the East Road today, about three or four sections, around the place. I want to go home. Then I suddenly met a little girl. Probably five or six years old. She used a very deep tone.
(06:17~07:17) She suddenly told me, can you buy my egg cake? I have this. Can you buy an egg cake? I was a little confused. Why would a little girl ask me if I could buy an egg cake? There was a girl next to me. It looked like she was her mother. I'm not sure if she's really her mother. It looked like she was her mother. She said, I want my daughter to practice cooking her own dessert. It sounds great. It's self-sufficient. It's the dessert of her own work. It's a real feast. So I was like, if you don't buy it, it's like you're a human. It's like you're in the US, seeing a girl, and selling lemon water. It's the same concept. So I thought, how much is it? 150 yuan. I thought, if you don't buy it, how much is it? I think it's a price in Taiwan. It's not reasonable. But I think the price of a vegetarian is not cheap. The central bank said it's 150 yuan. But it's not a negative price. So I just took it.
(07:17~08:18) I went to the bank to give it to this little girl. Then I took it away. Then I watched them continue to go far and follow different workers. Because there were a lot of office workers in that generation. They were all being bullied. I went home on my way back home. I was I was home in the fourth floor. Then I walked from the third floor to the fourth floor. I was thinking more and more. This little girl is really a little girl who doesn't bully. I have googled it. It seems that many people are discussing this issue. I want to ask you a question. But it seems that there is no real answer. Please let someone know that this bully is a little girl. Or a one-sided copy of another finger that is digging a hole made by the middle-aged uncle. Actually, I tell you because I'm in control now. Actually, I shouldn't eat bully. And because I never did a allergic test before. But the last time I did an allergic test, the doctor said I was serious about egg milk. It's not an ordinary allergic test. It's a serious allergic test. So it's forbidden for me to eat
(08:18~09:18) egg and milk for three months. Because he said because I have a long period of allergic to egg milk, so it may cause my protein protein accumulation in the intestine and then the intestine cancer. Simply put, the intestine is too thin. So it's all a little bit something that comes out. It's called the intestine cancer. So he said that before the treatment of the intestine cancer, you can't eat egg milk products again. So basically, I don't bully you. Basically, I can't eat. I'm actually 100% completely just to to to to to how to say it? Just to support a little girl. But to be honest, I'm really I think this thing looks like a賣相. It's not particularly good. And then I don't really believe it's really good. And then but if it's really a little girl and I'm now on live talking about these things, but what if she cries? I feel very sad. I think I'll have a bite first. I'll have a bite. I'll feel it. Anyway, I think in the future, because I heard that many people meet on the road very easily. So I think I'll try it out. I think it's still okay to taste it.
(09:18~10:19) But the ingredients used for chocolate may not be particularly good. So actually, I think the flavor of the chocolate is not added. But I think kids, he knows so much. So I think this is a edible pudding. But it's not that good. But I think the price is not good. It's a little girl who made it for you. Right? Is it like this? I don't know what to say. But actually, recently I was on the road. In addition to the pudding, I also received another gift. I think this gift is quite interesting. I was walking on the road and I met a audience. Then a netizen. Then he saw me. I didn't say before that there was actually that driver. There was a big sister. She actually gave me a big sweat. Actually, there are only two people. She will give me a big sweat. Of course, she... I put it here. Big sweat. It's that kind of pudding. Then I was on the road these days. I saw a girl. I said, Guaji,
(10:19~11:19) I have something I want to give you. She gave me this. This looks cool. I think this must be the same logic. Because it looks like a pudding. Asahi. Asahi. Japanese Asahi. Asahi writes voice and skill. Voice and skill is Japanese animation voice. They eat this to protect the dragon. So I thought this must be a good thing. After I took it, I was very grateful to her. I said thank you. Then when I went back, the gift was from a girl. And that girl she sent me a message. Then IG. I sent it through IG. She sent me a message. But I was actually more busy. So I only saw it for two days. I didn't see it for those two days. Then I started to I started to click those I haven't read yet. Then when I saw it, I saw that she she didn't send a message. She sent a message screenshot. The message is about the big deal. What did she say? Let me see. Forget it. I'll just say it. The big deal of the news is that in Japan, this Asahi made a monkey soup. It's very popular. It can protect the dragon because it can make the air clear.
(11:19~12:20) So it makes your taste the taste in your mouth is not very good. So I don't know what happened. It's just that after a while some cultural aspects and then when a man and a woman go out together maybe for a date or do something. If someone buys Asahi's monkey soup it means I'm ready tonight. I can make love. So it's a secret of love. Then that man sent me the screenshot of the news. I he didn't make any explanation. He just did this. Then he said, I'm like this. I I'm like this. What should I do? I'm suddenly this man is a little embarrassed. I'm thinking about it. So you mean that you mean that you want to use this to replace the big sweat that others sent me. Or do you want to This song
(12:20~13:34) is a French singer a female singer. This song's singer is called crazy. The name is crazy. They are Japanese. Then the content is that when I make love with you I hug you deeply hug you to the madness I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. Of course, you can't replace the big sweat.
(13:34~15:29) I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. You can't give me back a lie Ignorant, You can't gaze at me And lick me from my shoulder I'm your pawn Feeling too lost I'm your pawn Finding yourself I'm your pawn Found to give me back a lie I'm your pawn It's what's most important
(15:29~16:30) You shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, you shag'a, ya ya ya ya ya ya This is a song about love So if you like it, you can consider putting it in your song Okay, this song is over Now I will share a boring story This boring story is my previous life The company is over But sometimes there are some good things to do in the company I met Marci and Amy I have a story about our company We rented the company until April
(16:30~17:31) So I said I didn't cancel the keys You can come if you want If you want to come, you can take the company Or you can take some stuff Or you can take the fridge The company will still buy the keys I didn't ask for the money but it appeared there Then I asked them if they want to eat Actually, they don't eat much So they thought they should take them out for dinner They were excited and asked what they want to eat I thought they should take them to some cool places Then I took them to the north of the forest I think there is a place where you can't take people to eat And a small coffee shop It looks like a Japanese tea shop It's a kind of old-fashioned shop And even a little old-fashioned But there is a place where you can find food There is grilled fish Or fried fish
(17:31~18:33) Or meat All the restaurants are made by Amy It's cool She is a coffee shop She is a coffee shop Amy is responsible for making lunch Then I asked them to take us to dinner Then I took them to dinner We had a good chat I think it's time to do something else I got ready to go to the market I turned around and saw the counter I put a mysterious decoration I saw this on the counter I thought it was a normal decoration There is a white coffee bean inside I think it's a kind of old-fashioned machine You can see it's just been piled up I turned around and saw Amy and the counter I asked her if she saw it She said yes I was on the counter I told her we had seen it
(18:33~19:33) I thought it was funny I said it was a food shop It's located in the north of Lingsheng There are many special shops It's funny that there is a special decoration I think old-fashioned is very pure I didn't plan to surprise them I was surprised I was impressed by Mr. Lao He was excited I asked him if he knew what it was He asked me if I knew I was a little bit confused I asked him how to express it I said it was a ssam I just finished the word ssam Mr. Lao was excited He didn't hear me He remembered it was a forest It looks like a tree A tree is a wood Three trees are together It's a forest This is Lingsheng North Road I thought it was cool
(19:33~20:35) Lingsheng North Road I mean the decoration I thought Oh, yes I thought Mr. Lao was cute I thought I can confirm that no one would think of eating in Lingsheng North Road I didn't know if I could tell him I thought he was pure I didn't want to tell him I hope he would think it was forest Then He was very... He was very rude It's okay I know it's normal But I think People in the world are talking about A-pian and the influence of the Internet I think our brains are not normal We saw a normal decoration The first reaction we had was it was a ssam Have you ever said a famous word in Korean? Do you want to be a ssam or what? I suddenly forgot Fatty I suddenly forgot What is his metaphor? It doesn't matter It's just what it means
(20:35~21:36) I had a white-haired thing When I was still in the company Chen Xianjing just released a new album I personally have heard of it I think some songs are good But I just heard it once So I don't remember many songs I was very familiar I saw some people comment on the Internet Some people like it Some don't like it Some people say Chen Xianjing's song is very low in terms of the tone It sounds like the ender I was very upset I thought that the ender and Chen Xianjing are too different How could they compare the ender to Chen Xianjing? Chen Xianjing must be very angry I told my colleagues At that time I was standing next to the random speaker who was playing the Spotify on a random number of songs Spotify was the one who pushed me I suddenly played a song I was very familiar with Chen Xianjing's new album I just listened to that song I thought Chen Xianjing's new album appeared It was Chen Xianjing's voice
(21:36~22:38) It should be a new album I didn't think of the kind of songs that I could sing or the kind of songs that I liked I was more early and the songs that I liked were not I didn't listen to the song I thought it was Chen Xianjing's song Chen Xianjing I took my cell phone and looked at it Ender It's not Chen Xianjing's song It's Ender's song I thought My God The netizen The netizen said it was right Impossible But no Chen Xianjing's music is still very nice I think I just I haven't listened to his new song So at that time I just did it I don't want to listen to the song
(22:38~23:39) Why Why I didn't feel used to it Give me, give me a reason to stay Give me, give me a reason to stay Give me, give me a reason to stay Give me, give me a reason to stay If I can be happy every day Happy happy, who wants to be a good person? I want to learn to be self-conscious I'm standing in a K-pop K-pop I'm a new person, I'm a new person I forgot who I am Yeah I don't have to go through the road I just realized I've been through it Oh oh oh, I'm not crying, I'm crying I'm a new person, I'm a new person I'm a new person, I'm a new person I'm a new person, I'm a new person Where should I go?
(23:39~24:42) I'm walking on the road I'm always going where I always want to go Where should I go? I'm walking on the road I'm always going where I always want to go Where should I go? But I'm always going where I always want to go Say say say, I'll tell you Say say say, I'll tell you Okay, I'm going to prepare a small thing for the next part Wait for me I'm like you, I'm far away I'm so far away, I'm so far away I'm going to keep going, I'm going to keep going I'm afraid of pain, I'm going to go down I still have the habit of telling lies I'm still under the hands of my hands In the past, there were no secrets There was no pressure, no power But now I do I actually have known that My friends said I couldn't eat But I'm not going to eat enough I can't take it anymore I'm going to change my mind I want to sing at a different age I want to change it I want to be a good person I want to know I want to do it I want to be careful about you I want to invite you to join me I can do it, I can do it, I can do it
(24:42~26:06) I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar II'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a rock star, a superstar I'm a extreme star and star I'm a rock star어야
(26:06~27:07) Get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get me, get ME, GET ME, GET ME, GET ME, GET ME, GET ME I want to thank all the friends who are always there for me. I have a strong feeling that I have been doing well lately. I think I have been in a bad phase. But I am worried that I will be in a bad mood. I have been encouraging others to come up with something. I might be on the road or I might be drinking coffee. I will say, come on! I want to say thank you.
(27:07~28:08) But sometimes I feel that you don't have to worry about me. Because I am not that serious. Because you all know that I am used to drinking coffee. I wake up every morning and drink coffee. This is really necessary. It is something that I will definitely do. Even if I prepare to make coffee, I have to do all the other things first. I will open the coffee machine first. I will start boiling water first. I will start brushing my teeth and washing my face. I will go to the toilet. I want to save time. Because the coffee machine is starting to take some time. I will definitely go to the coffee shop with the two or three or four coffee shops. Some people may buy some coffee shops that I rarely buy. But most of the coffee shops are the two or three coffee shops that I will buy. There is a coffee shop that I often buy. It is a coffee shop in Tainan. I ordered four bags of coffee. My wife ordered it. She borrowed five bags of coffee from me. It says on the back, the dried fruit and ice. I thought,
(28:08~29:08) this is definitely the way the coffee shop owner wants to use this method to help me to breathe. I suddenly felt sorry for my wife. My wife asked me that we don't usually like to owe any money to the shop owner. Sometimes I go to the coffee shop to drink. Sometimes the shop owner gives us a discount. About 9-8 or so. For example, it was 3,000 dollars. It may cost 2,600 dollars. It is 3,000 dollars. Thank you. The rest of the money is for the small expenses. I always put up the extra money. My wife asked me a question. She said, we don't give the coffee money to the shop owner. We don't give the money to the shop owner. We also give the coffee money to the shop owner. I thought about it. I thought it was better. I have been thinking about it for a few years. If it is a year or two ago, I would do this. But recently, I have been working with Dila and Li Yichen. I have been working with them for a long time. I have a feeling that if I buy this coffee bean for 600 dollars, and I would pay 600 dollars to the shop owner, the shop owner might think that I am doing something wrong.
(29:08~30:10) I would pay 600 dollars. I feel like I am not good at expressing the feeling of being a person. I would say, I am fine. I would like to express my gratitude. She said that this coffee bean is suitable for soldiers. I would like to thank all the people in this world who have given me this kind of kindness. Including Asahi. Of course, it is not only 150 dollars. This is the kind of kindness I give to others. But I think that it is almost summer. I think that today's session is about the gift to our shop owner. Today, we have a shop owner. Actually, Li Yichen and a person named Xifu have opened a world coffee championship class. This world coffee championship class. This is the first coffee bean in Taiwan. I won the championship of the Hongpei Coffee Dough. I had a meeting with her before. When I was in the Hongpei Coffee Championship, I was invited to a coffee shop. There was a guest room for the guest room. She asked me to have a coffee at the coffee shop.
(30:10~31:11) I said that I don't know what Hongpei Coffee is. I didn't understand it at that time. I don't understand it now. I think that level is too high. It is not a professional field that I am going to go to. I think that I would be fine if I drink coffee at that time. But she asked me to have a coffee at the coffee shop. To be honest, it was about 3 or 4 years ago. I have a lot of understanding of coffee at that time. I was afraid that I would drink something at that time. I saw some people saying that it is not necessary. I thought that it is not necessary. They just said that it is not necessary. They just said that it is not necessary. I am sorry. Actually, I think that I am going to have a coffee at the coffee shop. Today, because we are at our coffee shop, they have a world champion coffee class. I think that they have divided the class into two stages. There are 6 hours and 4 hours of basic class. There is also a class of 6 hours and 4 hours of basic class. You can buy it. You can choose beans, and then the ingredients, and then the ingredients, including some of the content that may be more advanced,
(31:11~32:11) and then you can choose beans. So you can become a professional of understanding of coffee. I think this is a very interesting class. I am interested in it. I have spent a lot of time on it. Here, I am going to show you some tips on coffee. I am not talking about tips. I think that is the case. Since this is the topic, let's talk about coffee. This is a coffee from a Japanese coffee shop. This is a coffee shop from Arisan, a special field of iron. This is a kind of coffee shop. This is a coffee shop from the front. This is a coffee shop from March 11th. It is suitable for ice. The weather is very hot. I don't know how the South is. It is 30 degrees in Taipei. The South is more serious. So I think that is the season for ice coffee. But how do you make ice coffee? You can add ice to it. Sometimes it will absorb the flavor. You may not like it. So what do you do? I will show you a popular ice coffee shop.
(32:11~33:11) This is a ice coffee. But this year, I made another ice coffee. I saw that many people are online. So this year, I will have a new trend. But this is a new method of ice coffee. So if you are interested in hand-made coffee, I will tell you how to make it. I think it is good. Let's measure the beans. Let's measure the beans. Let's measure the beans. About 20 grams. I have the beans. I have the beans. I have the beans. Pour it down. 20.7 grams. The normal way is very smooth. You will know how much it is. Then add some water. Reduce the ice. I was wrong. I was nervous on the show. Reduce the temperature. When you are making the beans, it is not as sticky as the beans. The beans are on the cup. I have the EZpresso.
(33:11~34:13) The beans. The beans. The color is... Because it is ice coffee, I usually use a thinner one. But I will use a thicker one. If it is a machine, I will use 7.3 grams. I will use 7.3 grams. I will use 7.3 grams. I will use 7.3 grams. Thanks for watching. I think this is not a big deal. I don't think it affects everyone.
(34:13~35:13) Especially, we don't want to be a world champion. So, we just want to enjoy a cup of coffee. I think it's too much. I'm too tired. I think it's okay. Now, let's take this as a rule. The next step is to use the Bo-gu-zhe method. The next step is to use 30 seconds of water, and then 5 times total, and then 150 times. How do we do this? Let's take a look. It's a little bit of a tempo. 30 seconds, 30 seconds, 30 seconds. Usually, when we make coffee, we don't do this. But this is the method. According to Bo-gu's method, he said he needs to shake it a little bit. But when we pour in 30 grams, basically, it's still in the stage where we make the steamed coffee. So, we don't shake enough. So, we just want to make it. For example, Mr. Bo-gu, let's shake it a little bit. Now, it's almost 30 seconds. 30 seconds left. Okay, now we have a lot of water. Let's shake it a little bit.
(35:13~36:13) I didn't say the water temperature, right? I'm about 90 degrees. Okay, now we have 90 grams. Let's take the third one. Now, we have 15 minutes. Shake it a little bit. I didn't get the cup. I'm really full. I'll put it where I want. It's not a place to be familiar. Okay, 1 minute and 30 seconds. Now, we'll continue to water it. Okay, now we have the last one. We'll just have to give it a little bit. We'll get 150 grams of water. The last one. The last one. Shake it a little bit. I'll take the cup. Jackie said I'm very stable. I'm telling you, how long do I have to do this? I'm very familiar. Of course, I'm good. But I have to tell you one thing. I'm standing in the middle. So, I'm not the usual position. I'm just complaining. It's not the best situation for me. But you can still see it. I think it's a little bit of a mistake. Okay, now we have 150 grams of iced coffee.
(36:13~37:13) It's very simple. I can smell the fragrance here. It's great. I think this coffee bean from Alisanna, the coffee beans from the special field, I've made iced coffee this morning. I've made it once with the same method. It's very good. It's very good. Like this. I'm just putting the green cup on the table. I don't know how to handle it. It's like a mess. I'm putting it on the table. I'm putting it on the table. The coffee beans from the special field. I've also prepared a little bit of the black bean paste. This is the Green Bakery from the famous community. I'm not talking about the food. I'm still in the control room. I'm not eating the soup. But I can't eat the milk now. So I can't eat the normal desserts. But this is interesting. The desserts are not milk. The desserts are not even used. It's only a little bit. It's mainly used in tofu. And in the same way, the bean paste.
(37:13~38:13) It's made into this dessert. You might hear that it's very difficult to eat healthy. I'm telling you. Google the record of Green Bakery. Green Bakery is so delicious. I'm also thinking about I hope that the nutritionist of the nutritionist doesn't want to see this part. But I just want to get him to drink coffee. It's really cool. I'm telling you. It doesn't have to be the nutritionist. But if you have some problems with your allergy. Or you want to eat the soup. You can't even eat the milk soup. This one is absolutely okay. Because it's just a complete vegan. Wow. It's so delicious. Lai Yuxuan. World Champion Coffee. He has two courses. One is the basic version of 6 hours. You can learn all the basic knowledge. Or you can learn something more advanced. You can choose the 6-4 advanced courses. If you click on the link in the information bar. Then in this In his優惠碼.
(38:13~39:17) What is the input? I don't remember. I don't remember. OGGY. It's 300 dollars. You can add the courses before April 11. The exclusive coffee experience. The 30-pack special green tea. And the half-baked. The champion match. Green tea. You don't need to think about the model. You just use the green tea bag. The simplest and basic tools. You can use the coffee. If you have some advanced equipment. And the half-baked. The champion match. That's it. Today. The dry drop is like this. I forgot one thing. I was thinking about the coffee. I was afraid it would be dry. So I should put music. I forgot to put music. I have a special process. Put music. I'll put it now. Otherwise I think it's weird.
(39:17~40:17) This song. It's a pure music. It's 8 minutes long. I was thinking. I just came here to make coffee. I was thinking it's beautiful. I was thinking it's beautiful. I forgot. It's a solitude. It's an attitude. That I know very well. It's a beautiful place.
(40:17~41:35) I have a little staircase. And the typical fountain. I have some boring things to talk about. The garden extends around the house. I went to the snowy place last week. When I went to the snowy place. I was like a low-fans with a little gate. I never closed. And I actually. When I started. I got the last second. It was almost the last second. I was like a low-fans with a little gate. I was like a low-fans with a little gate. It was almost the last second. I didn't get to the gate. It was the last moment. I was just. I was just. I was just. I was just. I was just. I was just checking. I was half an hour late. I was just. I was just. I was just. I was just. I was just.
(41:35~42:36) I was just I was just. I was just. I didn't contact them either. I didn't go to them. I found a place to sit down, quietly do my personal things. Then I got to the last moment, and I rushed to the gate, and then I got on the plane. I didn't go to meet with the white dragon fruit. I was at the moment of getting on the plane. They were at the gate of the plane. They took the camera and blocked me. I asked them, are you hiding from us? I was thinking, what? I was just late. Then... But you know, when I was at the gate, I was wearing this kind of... looking like a hurt animal. Do you... think... you don't want to see us? If... you meet us at this moment, you're afraid we'll hug you, you'll feel very awkward. Don't be like this. We care about you. Come, come, come, come. We love you. I was so sorry to tell him. I knew that...
(42:36~43:37) I was hiding from you. I was so scared. I was so scared. The warmth this society gave me, I was just like this. A lonely wolf. But actually, I was just late. The small theater wasn't me. It was Kali's small theater. I was just late. Then... we were going to the airport. We were going to the airport for about 4-5 hours. Actually, I... Kali is fine, but I'm with Ken, so you're a little older. Ken seems to be... I don't know, almost the same age as me. Or a little younger. Then, the break-up time was about 60.
(43:37~44:38) I was about 50. We talked about a topic in the middle. What would affect the age group? At that time, I had a clear feeling that the light was getting more intense. I didn't have this feeling before. I felt like I was going to the toilet. But once, I went out with some young people for a meeting, and then we had a meeting. Then I found out... I was so surprised. That is... Maybe, for example, we stayed in a room for 3 hours. I went to the toilet 3 times. Many people didn't go there once. They felt... they didn't have any intention at all. Do they need it? We can go to the toilet after work. But I said at least 3 times in the middle, sorry, I'll go to the toilet first. Then I suddenly realized that my side light is not working. My side light is gone. My side light has become smaller. I lost my flexibility. There is definitely something like this. My part light is like an old broken car. An old gold car. It is just a loose leather belt.
(44:38~45:39) It is different from some things. Then Ken, and Fan Jie, were talking about how they felt. How they felt. Then we made the car for about 40 minutes. It was less than an hour. Then we suddenly talked about the toilet. Because we talked about this thing. Then who told us this? Did anyone want to go to the toilet? Then I didn't say anything. Fan Jie said that there is something. Then Fan Jie asked, when will we have a break? Then the driver said, about 2.5 hours later, we will have a break and let everyone go to the toilet. Then Fan Jie said, then Ken was very concerned about asking him, do you want to hold it? Can you hold it? Can you hold it? Fan Jie said, yes, yes, we can hold it. Actually, I also wanted to go to the toilet at that time. But I thought that Fan Jie said this. Then we don't need to say anything. So I shut up and didn't talk. Then we arrived at 1 hour later. Then Fan Jie may not be looking at the watch. He asked how long we have been here. Then he said, about 1 hour. I don't know how long we have to wait for the break. Then he said, OK, then Ken asked, do you want to hold it? Do you want to go to the toilet?
(45:39~46:39) He said, it's OK, it's OK, you can hold it. Fan Jie said this. Actually, I felt like I was about to explode. But I also said, I didn't say anything. I pretended that I didn't. Probably about 1.5 hours later. Then, then, I don't know, maybe Ken was concerned. He asked, actually, I kind of want to go to the toilet. So we are now far from the next break. Then the driver said, about 1 hour later. Then Ken said, what? It's been so long. Fan Jie, can you hold it? Fan Jie said, I try. Then the driver suddenly said this. Actually, if I need it, I can find a place to go to the toilet right now. Then Fan Jie immediately said, OK, let's go to the toilet. I never talked. But at that time, it was completely in a, I think, after 10 minutes, I would think about it. Should I take a plastic bag, and then solve this problem? Because at that time, it was super muddy, and the side light was so painful. But at that moment,
(46:39~47:47) I heard Fan Jie say this. I felt like I heard something, the sound of the sky falling. I immediately followed him there and said, Fan Jie is so young, he really needs to go to the toilet. So we quickly found the toilet. When can we arrive at the earliest? Then he said, OK, we'll find it as soon as possible. Then we found the toilet after 10 minutes. Then I immediately said, Fan Jie, go to the toilet. Go to the toilet quickly. Don't be patient. Go quickly. I said it while going down the car, and I found it earlier than Fan Jie. Then, I went from the toilet alone. I think on that car, maybe a lot of people at that time still think I was letting Fan Jie, and then I went to the toilet earlier. Then I cared about him. But in fact, they may not know that I was the one who wanted to go to the toilet the most. I just didn't say it. Because I think someone has already helped me with my words. So why should I express it?
(47:47~48:47) OK, I'll share this boring story with you. OK, since I want to go to the Bailing River, I just want to talk about something. I just want to talk about something. It's that I haven't slept for three days, and I don't have anyone to carry this pot, right? Yes. That's what Fan Jie wants to do. I just want to talk about Li Yifan's thing. I don't like Li Yifan's thing. I don't like it. It's not that Li Yifan was blocked by the pot. Of course, this thing is quite inappropriate. But I'm not a fan of this thing. The thing I'm not a fan of is Li Yifan's thing. Li Yifan is a Internet celebrity. He talks about a lot of political issues. His attitude is that he supports Taiwan independence and opposes the CCP's invasion. Although he is a foreigner, his basic position is like this. So he talks about a lot of political issues related to the Taiwan-Pacific. So I think if you are interested in politics, you must have heard of him. He may have also done some programs.
(48:47~49:48) You may have heard of him. He has also heard of some of his interviews. Li Yifan is a former president. He was going to live in Taiwan for a long time. He had already quit his house. Then he bought a ticket to Taiwan. But he found out that he was blocked outside the door. He said, sorry, you are forbidden to enter. He felt wrong at that time. I did something wrong. I love Taiwan so much. I have already quit my house overseas. I have nowhere to live. But he told me that Taiwan is not allowed to enter. Three times. The reason is that he came to Taiwan before he was in Taiwan. He may have done some programs. He had a car ticket. Someone dismissed him. He said that he was a illegal worker. Because if you are a general official or some other kind of former president, if you have some business activities, this will be managed. This is not a bad rule. This is actually a reasonable rule. There are similar rules in the world. So I think this is not a big problem. The Central Committee dismissed him. He was also wrong at that time. He felt that he did not know the rules of Taiwan.
(49:48~50:49) The so-called car tickets are actually very cheap. It is 3500 dollars. Actually, he could not even make up for the cost of coming to Taiwan. So he felt that he did not care about the money. If he knew that this would affect the opportunity to enter Taiwan, he did not even want to take the money. He just felt that this is a program. A entertainment program. Someone invited me to give me a car ticket. I just took it with me. So I did not think about it. But I did not think about what happened later. There are people who are on the Internet who are more extreme and supportive of the Democratic Party. Some fans or accounts started to say one thing. This is because Bailinguo invited Li Yifua to the program. He said that Li Yifua was very pitiful. He wanted to win a friend. Because it seems that Bailinguo did not know the situation. He invited her to the program. He signed the report.
(50:49~51:49) So he could not enter Taiwan. These are all illegal laws. Bailinguo was innocent. Some people wrote more directly. Some people wrote directly. They just told Bailinguo about this. Bailinguo quickly mentioned the anti-Bai Yifua. He said that we have never given Li Yifua any money. We invited her to the program before her interview. We invited her to the program. We invited her to the program. We went to the US to interview her. We just talked about it. We did not give her money. We did not sign any reports. Of course, there will be no problems with the ban. This has nothing to do with us. But the next development is interesting. These people were originally scolding Bailinguo. They changed their policy. The next thing is the ban. The ban is for the Taipei City to be banned. Some people thought that Taipei City is the head of the city. Taipei City is the head of the city.
(51:49~52:49) The government is the head of the city. Li Yifua and Lele Farie. Lele Farie. I was wrong. I was wrong. Lele Farie. I just found out I was wrong. Lele Farie. Lele Farie. Lele Farie. He said Lele Farie is closer to the People's Party. They thought it was Lan Bai or the National Party to be the head of the city. They said it was a political conspiracy. They even said it was Wang Zhilan who went to the ban. Why did they think it was Wang Zhilan? It was a complicated question. I'm sorry. Anyway, there is no any conclusion. I will talk about this later. They thought it's nothing to do with life here in Shenzhen. They thought it was the National Party who didn't go in for 90 years before Newigen
(52:49~53:50) started to know about Trump and President Trump. It's beyond ressed. Even if they didn't go to And then the next round, the worst thing about Wan'e is the Taipei City prison. You should go and scold her. Why are you arguing with us? Why don't you go and fight with the Taipei City prison? You started out, why don't you do this? Instead of fighting with the Bailing Country, many people say that Qiu Yijie is a professional, he likes to be friends, doesn't make sense, and then he's a double-edged sword. Actually, I don't think so. The reason why I often help my friends talk is because they are my friends. I know their position, their real thoughts. But many people know their friends are not wrong. They want to help them talk, but they are afraid of causing trouble, so they don't talk at all. So the key to the problem is not that I often stop my friends, but that most people don't stop their friends. I think this thing is super scary.
(53:50~54:51) If I'm wrong, I don't want to admit it wrong. But in the end, I'm still arguing. What does it mean? I don't understand at all. And I think that this thing is the cause of the Taipei City prison. I think it's super weird. I want to tell you something. There are so many public officials, 99% of them are justice. If someone is in charge, they have to do it. Today, you are the main executive of the Taipei City prison, the main executive of the central prison. If someone is in charge, they have to do justice, and they have to do justice in Taiwan. So you have to ban him from entering the prison. What do you think he should do next? The first thing he should do is to check whether this thing is true or not. If it's true, he should ban him from entering the prison. He can only do that. Is it because he thinks that the law is good? Why don't we do justice? There are no public officials who can make such a judgment. They are all in the form of justice. I can tell you that after the work is over, do you know what happened? Because our company didn't really end. I was taken to the Taipei City Prisoner's prison.
(54:51~55:51) But in two months, I didn't announce the inside yet. So the outsiders didn't know that we had been suspended. But I was taken to the Taipei City Prisoner's prison. Someone was obviously in the prison. A strange guy. I don't know if it was the people who didn't watch the show. I know they wouldn't do that. There must be people who are bored. Because of the big-time-famous relationship, many people say that if they were to quit, if they were to be the boss of the company, they would be in prison for the prison. So they were in prison. The law-abiding asked them to do super-due work. You know, the boss of the company was in trouble. He would prepare a bunch of reports, a bunch of documents, and then solve the problem and explain it to the prison. The Taipei City Prisoner, Jiang Huan-an, the National Party, may have seen me as a bad-looking guy. I posted a video today that scolded the National Party. But I ran out of the prison because of that. Two months ago, I ran out and said, I'm sorry for the government of Taipei City Prisoner, Jiang Huan-an, for coming out to talk to me. Why did you call me the Taipei City Prisoner?
(55:51~56:51) Did I do that? No, I didn't do that at all. I didn't know that the public were all in the same place. The problem was the person who was in the prison. The person who was in the prison would respond to the problem. So I didn't want to bother them. When the prisoners came to me, I would look at what information they needed. I would say, I think I'm super unlucky. I would give you everything you need. I would handle this matter well. Of course, I didn't do it directly. I would handle the staff of the company. So I think they had a hard time. But I didn't say this kind of conspiracy theory. I think this society is like this. There are obviously many things. The result behind it, the conclusion behind it, the real reason is super simple. You don't need to do more explanations. But why do you have to do so many explanations? I think you can also talk about the show of the Bailing River recently. I have never discussed this topic before. But I want to talk about one thing. In 2020, at that time, Cai Yingwen, the second person,
(56:51~57:51) he was elected by the National Committee of the National Party. At that time, the Central Committee didn't come out. Cai Yingwen, and some of the people who talked about the Bailing River, actually made them feel very happy. So they felt that they had met a new generation of girls or boys. Anyway, they thought he was great. A political girl. A political, a new, a new, popular political celebrity. Because most people say that the popular ones would be popular. But they would be popular. They would say, he's great. And then they would stop him. I actually don't think what he did was wrong at that time. But at that time, I felt that everyone was rebuke the behavior of the Central Committee. It was very dangerous to him. Why? Because the Central Committee is a small friend. He is very young. He didn't even read a book well. I don't think he has any strong core values now. He can support any serious discussion. He may change at any time because of some life experiences. And change his thoughts. He can't stick to a specific principle until the end. I mean it.
(57:51~58:52) I think many people criticize me. But I know very well about this thing. In the past ten years, I've been doing Internet紅 for a while. I've never changed my position. I've never changed my mind. No matter who the Democratic Party is, or who the Democratic Party is, I think I've been walking this path. I've always been at that position. I've never been scolded by many people during the 2020 election. I suddenly became to say, I have to take revenge on this society. I have to take revenge on the Democratic Party. I have to take revenge on the current Politburo. No, I've never thought about this. Because I know what I'm doing. But I think young people don't have to take revenge on the Democratic Party. What I'm saying is, young people don't think about things clearly. So at this time, you're going to be in a rush. You'll regret it. This is also what I've told many people before. Don't take revenge on any Politburo. Because most of the Politburo is not necessarily because of its core values. It's not clear. It's because it's only for the benefit of its biggest political interest. It may turn around at any time. To support something you don't agree with. I've been watching these Politburo for the past 40 years. I've done all kinds of things.
(58:52~59:53) I've actually already felt that I won't have any sad feelings. Because I know that this is the reality of society. So every time I see someone crazy, and then busy, and pushing some specific person, I feel like, you'll regret it. This time, when I came out to vote, I told everyone, don't trust me too much. I don't trust myself. But I think others don't trust me. Because you must know what you're doing is not right. So one day, when I did something you don't like, you'll be disappointed. So I don't want to put all your trust in someone else. I can help you solve the problem. I'm not telling you. All the problems in society are for you to solve. You don't want to help yourself. You want to put this clothes on others. It's meaningless. All the political figures, all the famous people, all the Internet celebrities, they're always with you in some part of life. They're just with you for a short time. One day, you'll get off the car, or he'll leave. That's something natural. So when everyone is mad at the famous people, I think it's stupid. How can you have a young man who hasn't even
(59:53~60:53) read a book, and teach him the core values of his political system? He doesn't understand. It sounds like the famous cartoonist is just a kid. It's like he's trying to help him solve the problem. But I think it's a fact. I don't think the famous people are good or bad. I just think in 2020, when President Tsai Ing-wen was in college, he was with me. He was with many people who support Tsai Ing-wen. We went through this together. I think everyone still needs to thank him. After that, he didn't leave with everyone. We just got the label. There's no way. But I think everyone's feeling of being betrayed by me or angered by me, I don't think it's necessary. Because from the beginning, you shouldn't believe he would do this. And now, at the same time, I also feel there are many new political celebrities. I don't want to talk about who. But I really think every time I see these people being blinded by the trend, I feel like I'm telling you, in a few years, you'll regret it. Because there's no one
(60:53~61:53) in this world who can trust this level. I saw some people talking about some political netizens of the Democratic Party. Some may be having internal conflicts and some people start talking about I believe A. Some people say I believe B. I think it's useless. It's useless. I believe who? I believe yourself. In this world, you'll always be doing what you want to do. You have to do it yourself. Zhuang Mingxuan, he said I think he might have thought a great theory in his limited mind. I think this theory is true. I believe he has to think seriously or else he won't agree. What does that mean? This... We go out and talk about that we're Taiwanese. There's not many people who don't know each other. So of course, I have to say that we're Taiwanese. There's a similar theory that many people get scolded by. So I don't want to talk about it. But I think he will say this. It's obvious. People are like this. When he's facing a problem, many people scold him. This is a basic basic situation in psychology. I have to put all these
(61:53~62:54) uncertainties, uncertainties, uncertainties into a something I can understand. You can know clearly when he's explaining things like this, you'll know he's thinking about the world, the society, the state of the world. It's very limited, very shallow. I don't know if he has any evil intentions. Because I'm not him. I don't know him. So I can't help him to explain any of this. But like I said before, I don't like to use a conspiracy to say what he must be like. There seem to be many people who say Qiu Yi Jie must have received the money of the People's Party. So he will help the People's Party speak. But in fact, I don't like to just grab someone and take the money of the People's Party. So he will be like this. Because no matter which direction I will have to establish enough evidence. I think I have a very simple explanation for Zhong Ming Xuan. He's very stupid. And I believe those people are also very stupid.
(62:54~63:54) And if you already know you're stupid, don't continue being stupid. And don't be stupid again next time. That's it. Of course, we will jump to the end. I mean it. I used to be so long. I used to go to the foreign countries for a long time. No matter whether it's Southeast Asia, Europe, or the United States, I really went to more than ten times in comparison. I never thought that it would be difficult to say that I came to Taiwan. It's super simple. I always say that. And Di has said one thing. I think I'm quite agree with him. Because I always do that. He said he would actually prepare a introduction. If he met someone, he didn't know where the Taiwanese came from. How do I tell him? I tell you, it's my first time talking to foreign people. I've always thought about this. How do I explain what kind of country Taiwan is? I made a speech myself. I thought of a way to meet other people. There was a question. I want to tell others. I want to tell him that he is a small island next to China. There are many member states
(63:54~65:05) with China. But we are not Chinese. It's like the relationship between the UK and the United States. I thought about how to talk about this long time ago. I thought about a long-term speech. I thought about 30 seconds or 30 minutes. I've thought about what to say. I think every one who is going to go abroad and talk to foreign people can do this. Because Taiwan is a country that is not easy to live in. So we need everyone's support and help. So what should we do? We should walk and talk regardless of the road, the power and the speech are like a Taiwanese niche. So
(65:05~66:33) yeah I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
(66:33~67:35) I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm And I'm m I'm I'm And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm When When I When I Are I
(67:35~68:36) 紅河起身紅破龍 還都是保命的影響 保持昏暴的完善長之落走 用的丘 用的丘 用的丘 紅河起身紅破龍 也足以給我的命中 無法應付 聽說把時代 自小沒人 丟來看老實地 讓你總體力快 聽到飛啊 Water above me Hover inéis I think every thing is important. I think for example, I think I've shared before, that school was almost all about Taiwan. Taiwan Research Center,
(68:36~69:36) Water and Research Center, no matter what name it is, it's all about the history of Taiwan. I want to ask, do you still have Taiwan's university? I think many of them may not have it. Because everyone thinks it's necessary, it's not important. But at that time, everyone will think we need to understand. I've shared in the past, I didn't just attend the Taiwan Research Center, I also went to the female institute. Then, I went to the female institute, and I thought I should be a senior in the department. I wanted to know what it is. Although I'm not a girl, I also want to be a person who understands these things. So I think at that time, you really will make yourself think of ways, force yourself to receive a lot of new information, and then re-establish your own values. It's like, if you are just a simple educated, educated, and then grow up, basically, we will all become like the king's cake, like the people who love the country. If you were in my age, you would become a different person. You have to let yourself absorb a lot of different information. You will change again.
(69:36~70:36) The information I absorbed at that time, some of the ups and downs I had, maybe after decades, it seemed like a pickle, a pickle, and then again, I think I'm already a, I'm not already suspecting, what I'm pursuing, what I'm supporting. I think, like the director, I'm honest, I don't think he's a bad person. I always say, I don't think the director is a bad person. I think the director, he should be a good person. I've met him before. I really don't think he's bad. But I think it's a pity. I think in this society, everyone will think that reading is not very important. There is a more important social power. It's not necessarily to read. But I think the proof of the fact is that people who don't read, because you will never force yourself to think. If you have been reading Douyin one day, you will spend time thinking about your own life, future, society, country, things like that. You won't think about these things. The only time you have the chance to think is when you're reading.
(70:36~71:36) You see a new theory. You see a kind of, you haven't imagined the way. So at that moment, you think, is this statement right? When you start asking yourself such questions, your life will grow. It's a pity. You won't have this result if you don't read. I think... So, although I always think that the director is actually a good person, but at that time, many people in the Tianming County thought that the director is great. I also have the same feeling. I feel like you will regret it. I once had a lot of current scientists, who are lazy and selfish, I once said that the director shouldn't be hurt. He should come out and take his own right to speak. Many people will think that he is hurt and he should come out to speak for himself. What's wrong with this? But I think this is a short-term question. Because at that time, when I was on the live broadcast, I was talking about the front and the back.
(71:36~72:36) What I'm talking about is if you support the People's Party or oppose the People's Party, or say that you are not a god, it's because you are willing to do it. You want me to be a hot-headed person and he really wants you to be a hot-headed person. So you believe him. Once you are not a hot-headed person, you will not believe him. You will destroy that image. Because at that time, the director thought that maybe in his work, his workplace, his career, actually some things the People's Party didn't help him. So he proposed some complaints because he felt like he didn't get some rights to do it. So you suddenly feel that you want to change my ideas, my belief, my belief. If I were to follow this logic, I should have been hurt by so many things in the past three years. He should have been on the ground and begged for forgiveness. But I never did this. I didn't beg for forgiveness with anyone.
(72:36~73:36) No matter the support of the People's Party, the support of the Kowin Foundation, I didn't do it once. Because I know what I am doing. Even if I was hated by everyone, I would still do the same thing. That's it. Alright. I won't say it. I want to talk about one thing. I recently went to the speech, the Street Speech. Because when I was talking about Lai Si Bao, and then, because I was a little bit troublesome at that time, I felt that there were actually many people who were really Lai Si Bao. Many people had a different impression of him. They really did something that everyone didn't have an impression of. So there were a few things that I could talk about. At that time, I felt that the first stage of talking about Lai Si Bao was so hard. So I talked to the right hand and the assistant. He asked me to find some words that I could talk about. He wrote some big words for me. He told me that I had a chance to use them when I was talking. I asked him to do it.
(73:36~74:36) He also organized some content in the middle. I also kept in touch with him. I told him that I thought that this is a good thing. I think I can still pursue something. I talked about it all the time. Later on, he said that I think that there are not many things that Lai Si Bao can talk about. I told him that I was talking about some people from the National Party. He was talking about some bad things from the National Party. What did you do recently? There was a thing that sold out. It was actually okay. So he started organizing some things from the National Party. I was going to the speech one day. I saw the speech. I think his logic was really good. I thought it was good. I thought it was good. But I thought that I could do something else. I didn't use it at all. He wrote that the National Party is organizing anti-democracy alliance. There are still many dead people in the party. If this continues, the poor and the big S will all jump out to participate in the anti-democracy alliance. I think it's okay to be a small group or a small group. But I saw that I immediately put this part
(74:36~75:36) on the group of our company. I said, Do you want to kill me? You need to know that the speech might be on the media. There will be a video and people will be live. What are you going to do? I drew this thing out. It's on the big screen. Can you understand how scary this thing is? I was thinking that the big S would come out to participate in the anti-democracy alliance. I said, It's not your logic. It's not that the big S is a person who is not good at the police. Or is absolutely not a criminal. I can't talk about it. But I said, Do you understand the social divide? This is a atmosphere. You are now saying that the big S is now a mess. Then I changed it when I was talking about it. I changed it into the same sentence. But I changed it into saying, Next, the poor and the big S will all jump out to participate in the anti-democracy alliance. You know, there are some people who laugh at the scene. There is no media to report that this is a big scene. And then there is a live broadcast. And then no one scolds me. And then when I came back, I suddenly thought of one thing.
(75:36~76:37) In fact, I think that a person's disappearance or death is ultimately a sad thing. No matter who it is. But why? I used this feeling on the pig's lungs. Everyone thinks it's funny. And it's not angry. But if you use it on the big S or the big S, everyone will think that, What are you talking about? Is this a double-decker? At that time, I actually didn't plan to double-decker. But because I knew the double-decker of this society, so I used this safety strategy in the next life. And I successfully put it down. But this society is not fair to the pig's lungs. The only explanation for this is because in everyone's heart, we all think that the pig's lungs are not dead. So this can be said. Otherwise, I can't explain what the double-decker of this society is. I don't know. It's really weird. I'm going to talk to that person.
(76:37~77:37) I'm going to talk to that person. He said, next time, can you try more people? See how everyone reacts. Drinking a glass of wine, and then drinking alcohol, and then you all talk about it. You see, when you talk about who you are, everyone will be angry. You will know where the boundary of this society is. It's really white. Okay, here we go. Let's share. What? Oshabic said that he hopes that the old man and the grass will be removed. I think the old man and the old man are very anonymous recently. I have to say, he said that the Jingxiao Association allows China to have a chance to establish a government. This is a completely... It's really annoying. I can still help him to say two sentences. I think that the people of this kind of people have no meaning in this society. But I think that in the past two years, I can't help Dr. K. Because I think that he is already a person that shouldn't
(77:37~78:37) exist in the Legislative Council. If you ask me, that's it. I think you can't stop Dr. K. to the point that Dr. K. is a good person. I think that's it. That's it. Okay, come on. I'm going to share a boring story. The last ending. Don't be on this painful thing. That... What did I just say? Recently, because everyone... I don't know why everyone feels like I'm very idle. Everyone is afraid that I'm fine. So since I said that I have to finish my work and don't look at it, so many people asked me to have coffee, to eat, to go out and play. And then there was someone who said to me, I want to invest in you. I want to give you money. I told him that you want to invest in me. He said that I didn't say that I want money. You want to invest in me. What do you think? You think that you want to invest in me. He said that I believe in you. So I'm willing to give you money. I told him that
(78:37~79:37) I know your intentions, but don't do that. Just like what I said before. No one is worthy of another person's blind spot. What do you mean? So money is the same. Don't do that. I felt that I was very grateful, but don't do that. I shouldn't. But anyway, many people have asked me to do that. Because I don't want to look at the office now. Although I'm still in the middle of an appointment, but because things are almost moved, it's very messy inside. It's not organized. So it's like a waste. So if I take people there to meet, I think it's a bit awkward. So if someone wants to have a meeting with me, basically I'm all in the meeting. For example, in the coffee shop, the restaurant, the dinner, or whatever. I won't be in the office. Yesterday, actually, I had two meetings in the afternoon. One was in the coffee shop near my house. On the slide, there was a person who met me. He sent me a text directly. I was in a famous community, there was a coffee shop outside the neighborhood, and I met a stranger. But I felt like I shouldn't bother him, so I went back. That's why I was having a meeting with others. After I finished the meeting, I went to another place. It was a meeting with others. Someone asked me to chat. I just went to chat.
(79:37~80:37) I didn't talk about details. I was chatting. Anyway, he asked me to go to a place that I've never been to in the middle of the mountain. I went there. I went in. It looked like a bar. But that person started to introduce me. He said, this bar is basically provided with 5 glasses of drink. It's simply called a cocktail. A cocktail is a cocktail. But a cocktail is a cocktail without a酒. I said, you're a cocktail expert. I've never been here before. So I said, I can order various classics, like Junfeet, Whiskey Sour, and classic drinks. But you don't have a glass of wine inside. He said, yes, that's right. You know, I want to emphasize that I'm not a person who loves to drink. I'm not a person who's very good at drinking. So if I start drinking a lot in the afternoon, I'll be a burden to myself. I don't think I should do that. Especially now that I'm in the control room. I shouldn't drink too much alcohol. I'm not feeling well. So I'm in the moment. I have a kind of negative feeling. If someone suddenly asks me to talk about something in the afternoon, and I have to drink 2-3 times a day,
(80:37~81:38) I'll feel a bit stressed. But I feel like my skin color is getting darker. I feel like I have to talk about something. I said to the bartender in a loud voice, what? There's no glass of wine? That's too much. I just said it like that. And then the one thing I said was that I really wanted to drink. But I think this is a very suitable word for my skin color. After I said it, I said, okay, let's have a cup of Junfeet. I might have ordered a normal glass of classic drinks. Then he started to drink it. And then I drank 3 glasses in about 2 hours that afternoon. But when I drank the third glass, I felt a bit weird. I started to think that you said you were a cocktail. Didn't you really drink wine? Because I really felt a bit weird. And then the bartender said, oh, this, because you just said it was too much. So actually I just did it all. It was a request. I said to the bartender at that time, holy shit. Hey, this, I'm just talking about it.
(81:38~82:38) I'll try it with a loud voice. Don't really believe me. I really didn't want to drink wine. Later, because I had a meeting, I was going to record a show with Fan Jie. Then I went to Fan Jie. It was 6 o'clock. Then Fan Jie said, I thought we could drink wine while recording. When you came, you were all red. I said, yeah, I just accidentally drank a little wine. I thought we should stop drinking. I went back and my wife would be angry. Okay, that's it. Share with you my Mark Tell story. And then the last ending, I want to talk about a happy story. The happy story is because the contract for the last half of the contract will be around 4 months. So actually, but I actually have a half-time company, which is usually called the second half. And then actually it's a personal channel company. It's still pretty pure. And then you can record a place. Because it's all in my home now. So I don't think
(82:38~83:38) I'm good at recording at home. I've explained that the problem with recording at home is because my home can't have a long-term recording room. So every time I come, the first thing in winter is to put the soul device, microphone, and then the light and everything is set up well. But because these things usually are often too much to put in the house. My wife sometimes really thinks that the house is very stable. A bunch of microwave stuff, she also thinks it's pretty annoying. So I actually always hope that I'm like a baby now. And then so I was always thinking at that time I could find a office that's better. So we've been looking for a office. We've been looking for a office lately. Of course, most of them are pretty lazy. I've seen some good ones. Almost all of them are秒殺. And then when we want to rent it, we can't rent it anymore. I recently saw a good one. And then we actually called him and said, can I just look at the house? The other person asked how much is the business ear of your company? And then I said, oh, our company's business ... not business ear, how much money do you have in the company's bank? To put it simply, when you open a company how much capital do you use? But this capital because there's no
(83:38~84:39) rule that it's big or small. You know what I mean? Many companies actually just started to make money and they spent $300,000, $500,000. And actually my second half is $100,000. And then don't look at the top it's actually $100,000. Capital. The capital is $100,000. And then I said, oh, our capital is $100,000. The landlord said, oh, then no need to talk. Let me talk about the old apartment and then the rent is $40,000. It's not a great place. He's a small small broken company and then he told me directly there that $100,000 of this this capital is too little. But we really want to see it because we think it's pretty good. We want to see and the location is good. So I said, then I have another company that is also $100,000. $200,000. Is that okay? He told me directly that no, it's too little. I don't want, I don't want. I don't want to see it directly. I was a fool. I really wanted to break this landlord. I want to talk to that landlord. I was because I wanted to follow a social concept. I don't want to tell you
(84:39~85:39) some cruel social reality. But do you know how many capital only has $300,000 and $500,000? Look, you know the public office of Mu Ke. You know, only $400,000 of this big public case of Mu Ke Public office capital only $500,000 at the beginning. Later, you only added $250,000. Do you know? Wow, you can't see the $100,000 of the capital right now. So, you don't see the public office of Mu Ke in your eyes. You know, people take a lot of money. I really wanted to break his name. But I don't want to talk about it. But I don't know what to do. Baby, you are blocking my screen. I just want to say one thing. I am sorry. But today, we really watched the whole episode. We are now sure that we found a new public office on the second floor of the public office. I think it's not bad. It's not a really great place. The capital is cheap.
(85:39~86:56) The budget of my budget is $400,000. And then I probably I forget how many bottles. I think it's quite suitable for us. I think it's a cute place. Anyway, I was worried that we couldn't find a new public office until the end of April. But we have already confirmed it. We have a place to stay. Next, the whole story will start from this place. I don't know what will happen. But I hope everything will have good results. Do you think it's good? I think it's good. This song is called OK?
(86:56~88:03) I've been waiting for you here. OK? What do you want? OK? OK? OK? I don't know I don't know
(88:03~89:12) What do you mean What do you know What do you mean I don't know What do you know What do you know OK? Right? Do you know What do you know What do you know You know What do you know
(89:12~90:13) No, no, Because Because Won't you leave me? I want to hear your comments. Thank you for your support and encouragement. Remember Lai Yuchun, the world champion coffee class. You can go online and have a look. We have a link to your information. If you want to know about coffee, whether it's coffee brand or coffee, coffee or coffee maker,
(90:13~91:13) or if you want to know more about the world cup, the world cup is the first coffee class in Taiwan. Lai Yuchun, the world cup coffee champion, the world cup coffee maker, is the best class in Taiwan. You can go online and have a look. Even if you know a little bit about coffee, you can still get some... Oh, it's like this. It's like a rabbit. It's hard to get this. KK3W, 42 years old, participated in the Dress Code of the Book. You're great. I didn't do the Dress Code of the Book. I'm the only one in the world who really is a bookstrap. The rest are fake bookstrap. Hu Fu'er said he played the Sattan Cup. He recommended the Gua Ge to play it. Thank you, Hu Fu'er. The Sattan Cup... This is a long story. About 20 years ago, when the first generation came out,
(91:13~92:14) everyone thought it was a little bit. But you didn't expect it. The more you play, the more you get popular. Many people don't care about it. It's a fighting game. The Sattan Cup is more important. A Li said there was a small kitchen next to the pig's house. There were many bags of bread and desserts. The box of desserts was full of sweets. The box of desserts was full of sweets. Other than the cheap bread shop nearby, there were some unopened boxes. It was very cool. What does it mean? I don't know. But it sounds weird. In the food area, there are bags of chefs. They are very reasonable. Many people think that there is only a large plate of bread. But you see Americans who often talk about making bread, or making barbecue, or making golden dishes. They think there is a bunch of ingredients on the kitchen. It looks like they are making it. It's a similar way of saying that. If there is a bread shop today, and the chef loves the bag of ingredients,
(92:14~93:14) it's not a bad thing. Of course, the cooking is very important. If there is a big pot of hot pot, the taste is a little heavy. So it may not be affected. But it's sweet and high-end. The taste is subtle and delicate. If there is a smoke, it seems to affect the taste. So I think it's bad. But no matter what it is, I really don't know what it is. It's not because it's in Taiwan. SS7933, I went to the gym to see the result of the DDD2. I forgot that I had a live broadcast today. Sorry, but it's really good. I recommend DDD2. It's been a long time since I saw it. It's really not a good thing. I've told you this before. I've never seen something that I've tried. It's all my choice. It's a tasteful thing. Trust me.
(93:14~94:14) Hong Bajiu, he invited you to see Super Cats on April 22nd in Huashan. The final decision of this Vino. I forgot this. The special performance of the black pepper. I'll play it later. The band is Shungshong and Catboy. It's called Golden Night. It's called Super Cats. It's called Super Cats. It's a super cat. It sounds good. I'll see if it's good. It sounds good. Golden Night is awesome. Golden Night is awesome. Let's listen to this song. Hong Yuxun said that he was going to be a singer. There are many changes in life. I've never been promoted.
(94:14~95:16) But I've met many unexpected things. I can't help but do my job. I can understand the wrong feeling. It's so good. It's good. I want to get high. It's a rhythm that I want to get high. Look. It's a good song.
(95:16~96:16) I like it. It's so good. It's the best night. It's all 9 people. I really want to drink. I want to drink. I want to drink. I want to drink.
(96:16~97:19) I want to drink. It's a good feeling. It's a good feeling. Oh Wow, this is so good Island
(97:19~98:27) Academy Come tonight Top Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey beer, beer, beer, no more say
(98:27~99:55) beer, beer, no more say beer did I Good job! You're came to look at this CD.
(99:55~100:55) Chicken I'm going to talk about Takira, a very difficult song. I'll share it with you. You can try it. You can get this song on a daily basis. I forgot the name of the song. You can check it out. Then, the Prince of the Year, he said, Happy Happy Happy is really great. The 25th girl gave him this song. Can you help me wish Ye Yu and his three children a happy birthday? Ye Yu, happy birthday! Then, the boss said, will you go to Da Gang? Should you go to A.A.M.E to exercise? I'm going to tell everyone I'm sorry. I'm very sure that I won't go to Da Gang. The next five or six days, I'm going to Nanxia, to Hengchun, and stay for three days. With the colleagues of the previous political office, we will all be together for a year and a half. The result of our discussion this year is that we won't go to Da Gang. We will go to Hengchun, and then go on a trip. That's it. So, everyone in Kaohsiung, I'm going to apologize to everyone. But I still hope that everyone can have a good time. If you have a good time, then you can go to Da Gang.
(100:55~101:57) I remember that I have to drive for two hours. If you want to go to Hengchun, then you can go to Kaohsiung. If you want to pick some famous restaurants, then you can go to our place. That's it. That's it. I'm really sorry. But there are still many musicals this year. I believe that there are still other musicals. I'm sorry for saying sorry to everyone. Then, the day before yesterday, I said that I'm a senior audience. I'm going to go to Da Gang. Then, I will go to Yucheng. The 10th of March, I will be going to the small festival. I will go to Da Gang every weekend to join in the hospital. Thank you to Gwajis, and to the new Zha Jia with me. The sound of Gwajis' voice makes us feel sad. We will get the chance to meet again, I believe that the fate will make us meet again. I hope that I think that this is just the timing. If the timing is right, then Yucheng will meet you again. OK. I like to share my personal opinion on Li Quan Zhe. I think Li Quan Zhe is a genius.
(101:57~103:13) I think his performance is very good and very bad. I don't think he is a person who is good at acting. I really think he is a talented musician. I think he is also a person who can't sing. But his songs are really good. He has his own style. No matter what, I really love Li Quan Zhe. He is very good at acting. Of course, I love Li Quan Zhe's song. And there is also Wuy229. I think Chen Xingqin is next to me. He is singing a song for me. By the way, I love him. I love my game ID, Chen Xingqin's boyfriend. I am so touched. And PP158. He wants to give me a T.C. Buck. Sorry. I will give the T.C. Buck to the top members of Gwaji and Chen Xingqin. Because you can see the light and the heat in the future. Okay, T.C. Buck. Right? T.C. Buck.
(103:13~104:14) I love you. I have said that I still drink coffee at Gwaji. Do you plan to sleep in the night? I want to be the director. And then, give it to the melon-type... Oh, no, no, no, no. It's... Prepare to sing the mood into the song and start your performance. Okay. And then, the melon-type... This... When the underground handsome guy will stream with the melon-type, he really likes you and the Karina-type. Aya! Really? Do you like it? Okay. I think there are still a lot of things I want to do this year. But this is definitely a chance to do it, okay? And then, Skywoo said, Hey, it's Lele Barley. Sorry, I was wrong. I'm talking about Lily. And then... KK3W said it's Lily-Sara, Lily-Farla, or Lele Barley. Lily-Sara...
(104:14~105:14) Oh, really, it's not the old audience. I know Lily-Sara's root. Lily-Sara is really hard to get rid of. I won't explain. Okay, you know what I know. And then, how do you read J.E.A.C.I.U? J.G.S.U. He said, I can't wait. I already fell in love with you. Okay, thank you. And then, Jimmy Ding said, People who often stick to principles are easily hurt. I understand, come on. Okay. I didn't mean to encourage you to do a stick to principles, right? Because I said this route is very hardcore anyway. As a person who makes life comfortable, it's not a big deal. You understand? Everyone chooses differently. Thank you. And then, when I was in middle school, I was very hesitant. What is this called? Why can I be in middle school? But I was very touched by the amazing people who read it. I didn't read it. I don't know. It's good, it's not certain. And then, the hot air Bar-Sara, the one who was eating rice, he said, Bar-Sara no Uta-Woki-Kei, really likes to analyze the gossip. The most extreme and close to the end is... Don't mind this interview, keep on talking. Because this is what he wants to leave. Taiwan's dance, I come from Taiwan, as a Taiwanese, I started to watch the big fan, I went to the team to sign the contract,
(105:14~106:15) my country, I saved myself. Okay, that's it. YT Lu, he said, I just participated in a rescue. Thank you. I'm a hero, just follow me, I will take you to see the beauty of the world. And then, Rubot's song, he said, 2.0 last time, then, Gua-Gua, Tama, Guan-Guan, A-Jie, Xiao-O-Nuo, Ji-Da-He, Cai-Ge, Xiao-Bing-Ma-Xiu, I always remember. I also remember, I can thank you for joining the members, thank you for your company. I remember, the new album, I hope there's a message behind it, to listen to you. I left last time, I think a part of the message disappeared. Gua-Guan, can you play, Hear Me Now? This song? Then, Thank you, we'll see, if there's time, we'll play this song. Thank you Rubot's song. I'm telling you, the message didn't disappear,
(106:15~107:16) they just opened to other places. I never thought, those messages would follow me. I never thought like that. Then, that, that, P-Car, the director, he never thought like that. When he went to the last place, he was on the way, but never thought that, at the end, everyone would help him. There's that kind of, there's that kind of moment. Before that, everyone just had a good time. I can say, I can say, if I'm lucky, I won't fail. I'm so tired,
(107:16~108:21) don't cry, you're just like me, this is right, this is right. I'm a hero, you're just like this, I'm so happy, I'm taking you to the world. Then, this Oshavik, I just said, Oshavik said, he used, he used the 3 month membership code, hope everyone will stay healthy and happy. Alright, Oshavik, I hope you stay healthy, everyone stay healthy. Kaikai said, Da Gang Bai Tan, he's going to launch a test for the Han Bao, 4x4, oil and sea temperature, he's determined to be able to switch with the staff, but he's not. The staff of the team, I saw the man-to-man Han Bao, this V-Spa, this friend, welcome to say hello. Thank you, thank you, Kaikai. Thank you.
(108:21~109:22) Yeah! Then, then, Ali said, thank you, the staff used the 3 month membership code, I was meeting a bunch of who-do-it-all, who-to-unit, then, this Taoyun Erming, then, while shaking your hands, when you're shaking your shoulders, you have to shout out, thank you, Ali. That's it, it's good to be happy, I always think so. Mi Fan said, yesterday I was born, thank you, thank you, the company of Kaikai, congratulations, no, congratulations, Mi Fan was born, congratulations. Alright, maybe 3Q can go to switch with Han Bao, 3Q, 3Q, 3Q, I'm telling you, 3Q really, I'm here to reveal a news, 3Q is really funny, he actually has a long time, suddenly, it's just, one day, he's actually, almost every two weeks, he'll suddenly lose a message, let's go to eat supper, and it's right now, you know, but you know, I'm a wife, he has a wife, but I think he's wild, so he might not be bad, and then, go to eat supper, he's always talking about the appointment, I'm just saying, but I'm just saying, or else it's too late, or else I actually had something to do that day, I'm just saying, don't be like this, early morning, I really can't do anything, and then, then one day, he suddenly said, hey, tomorrow we're going to eat, I told him, tomorrow I have an appointment,
(109:22~110:22) tomorrow I have an appointment, I already have a certain thing, don't you think he's always so late, he said, I've been talking about it for a day, I actually, he's talking like this, I'm a little sad, I know he's trying, but, I really feel it's hard, I said, I don't want to be like this, so I told him, you tell me what time you have recently, we have an appointment, I'll knock him down, don't make trouble, and then he told me, do you want to talk about OpenMind recently, I said, do you want to go listen, I'll take you to listen to OpenMind, he said, no, I want to talk, really, you want to talk about OpenMind, yes, I want to talk about OpenMind, then I told him, Taipei City, actually, it seems like, every day, actually, because there are many factories now, there are many small factories, they will open up, but if you are talking about my most familiar Carmidi, he may be on the third week, I'll be a little bigger, and you can come, then he said, you want to talk, I see that day, I can give you a chance to sign up, then he said, I said, I said, I said, next week, I think it's more difficult, next week, how about, I just asked him for a time, I said, next week, actually, it's just, let me see, let me see the date,
(110:22~111:22) today, it should be 27th, so it's, April 9th, that day, April 9th, hey, oh, April 2nd, April 2nd, yes, yes, April 2nd, this day, April 2nd, I told him that day on April 2nd, I said, can I do that on April 2nd? Then he said, hmm, hmm, okay, then, then, I said, can I help you, just, just make an appointment, he asked me, then, do you want to talk, I said, oh, do you want to talk, he said, I didn't want to talk that day, not, he said, do you want to talk, I said, why, do you want to talk to me, talk to two people, he said, I just want to ask you, that day, do you want to perform, I said, I can accompany you, I can go see, help you to perform, he said, no, but, he was just there, beef, beef, beef, I said, do you think I hope to talk with him, you would feel better, he said, yes, I said, damn, it's really troublesome, you help him, big baby, I said, okay, I want to see, I want to see, I'm not sure, because, to be honest, this is, there are many,
(111:22~112:22) the staff, all need to, to, to take that appointment, so I, I want to go to that time, and then, to talk with this, Zhang Shuoxiu, I haven't, so, so, I can only say, I tried my best, but if possible, on April 2nd, I will take him there, that's it, damn, there is really a, there is a annoying person, then, that's it, boring thing, boring thing, I share it with you, but, I'll tell you first, I, I'm not ready at all, I don't know what he wants to do, I really don't know what he wants to do, he suddenly told me, I want to talk, actually I think he is a, damn, a foreigner, then, usually, then, damn, really, I just want to see how your performance on the set looks like, I'm telling you, the audience on the set, it's quite strict, you're there, he-hey, I'm not sure if it's funny, okay, that's it, okay, let's talk, let's talk, then, Rose, he said, after the breakup, he felt that the other person was giving him a lot of negative feedback, the other person is still, because, the pain of the breakup, so, in that case, I want to ask, the boss of my favorite, to start,
(112:22~113:24) what does it mean? After the breakup, I felt that the other person was giving him a lot of negative feedback, it means that the ex-boyfriend felt that way, and he didn't have the same kind of feedback, the other person still felt that the breakup was painful, so, the ex-boyfriend felt that way, I don't understand, why are you guys talking about the ex-boyfriend, because it sounds like, if you're following your original intention, it means that, the ex-boyfriend felt that he wasn't good enough for you, so, he felt that way, because the ex-boyfriend felt that way, so, you also felt that way, is that what it means? If that's the case, your, your relationship is too much, the breakup is all broken up, the breakup must have some reasons, the ex-boyfriend, actually, is there any meaning? Who's the ex-boyfriend? If you really feel, the inner heart feels like, there's something that's owe you, then give me a chance, if you don't want to be together, if you don't want to be together, don't give me an ex-boyfriend, that's life, everyone is moving forward, so, they're all separated, unless you still want to get back together, or if the other person wants to get back together, what are you guys doing? If you don't have one, you can't go to jail, and cut the money, and you're going to be a loser, okay? Oh, right, there was a friend just now, this, if you're a singer,
(113:24~114:25) come, come, come, let's see, let's see this song, okay? The End Hey, Masumi, don't say that, March 33th, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
(114:25~115:44) no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, It's great. What did Amy Lin say? She said, Hello, everyone. Today is the first day of the 2021 tournament. Wow, thank you. I hope you can cheer me on. I'll be playing for 30-40 minutes. Amy Lin, I didn't expect you to be such a good player. Come on, come on. I hope you can play for 30 minutes. Don't force it. 40 minutes is enough. 50 minutes is fine. Come on.
(115:44~116:44) The last question today is about the phrase. She said, Can you talk about the relationship between your parents and your niece? Do you need to explain to foreigners about the culture of your family? What should I do? I think the family of the new generation is different from the traditional family. But if we want to talk about the wide range, I think Taiwan is more important than the West for parents and for the niece. I think the parents should be responsible. The niece should do what she should do. I think it's more important than the West culture. So, because of this, everyone seems to be working hard to achieve the perfect standard of the new generation. That's why I think everyone has a family relationship with their parents or niece. Because of this high expectation, I think it's a little complicated. It's a little bit interesting.
(116:44~117:45) Because we all think that I seem to have done a lot. But you don't know enough. What is the reason I did so many things? I think this is the situation in which I think it's different from the situation in Europe and America. I often think that I don't think everyone is a father or a daughter. It's not like that. I think everyone can be nice to each other. But what should you do to love? You can be a little bit more polite. I think the problem of Taiwanese families will be much less. Don't give everyone so much pressure. That's it. If you ask me this question, I will describe it in this way. That's it. I think the show is almost over. I have a short break. Thank you very much for participating tonight. I'm going to get ready to rest. It's very late now. It's 12 o'clock. Everyone, hurry up and go to bed.
(117:45~117:50) I hope Amber's mood can be better. Get ready to go to bed.
