(00:00~01:02) I I
(01:02~02:06) I Usually Is Way
(02:06~03:07) I've been told that when you watch the show, you will be reminded that you will start a live stream. I don't know about that. But I've been telling you that since the past, there are some creators who say that the magic of the eyes is to punish me, and that YT must be doing something to me recently. I think that these things, you know, I will never complain about it. I will say that this is nothing personal. This will happen. Because I will say that I believe that YT and Facebook must have very low-end people. They will definitely keep a space for people to do the magic. I will not believe that. But they will be fine with doing this. They will be fine with doing this. So they can make the machine, the artificial intelligence, the AI, the algorithm to make decisions. They will not let people to intervene. Because this is the most sacred and most scientific way to tell them. So if this happens, then it must be something that I did wrong. And this is not because someone is punishing me. It's not what you mean. I'm not saying that I'm wrong. So you don't have to worry too much. I don't know why. Maybe it's because I can't explain it.
(03:07~04:07) So I won't worry about this. Okay, anyway, that's it. How should I do it? How should I do it? Anyway, for me, it's a job that makes me happy. So no matter what, I will do it. Right? And then... You said that the magic of the eyes is to kill us. Yes, that's right. I'm a little difficult to answer this. Because this joke is from a person who seems to be not suitable to make any mistakes. I forgot one thing. I started to think about it before the live broadcast. I had to do something before the live broadcast. But today is another busy day. I've been playing the game since morning. Because I have a new video today. I'm going to make a special video. And then I did something again. I forgot this thing. Oh, no. Biohazard. The biological crisis. These three are small. I'm going to say that it seems that in order to check my personal goals or problems in the body, what should I do? So he asked me to do it. The clinic asked me to have four periods every day. From 7 to 9 o'clock, 11 to 1 o'clock, 3 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon. And now it's 9 to 11 o'clock.
(04:07~05:07) I have to pick up my personal saliva. This is very difficult. Because he said that saliva needs to be picked up so much. I thought this was very simple. But you know how difficult it is to spit saliva. Or my saliva is a little wet or something. I don't know. Anyway, I think it's really difficult to finish this spit. I've already finished the first three. I still have the last one today. But the problem is that it's going to spit out before 11 o'clock. Let me see. 9 o'clock. I have to spit out before 11 o'clock. I was still on live broadcast at 11 o'clock. So I told you that I had to do it before live broadcast. Wow, I'm now... I'll show you the spit saliva later. I did this thing when I was playing music. I didn't mean to do this as a pit. I really forgot. I was really busy just now. I really forgot this thing. Okay, two or three weeks ago, I said I went to that Taiwan. I said I met a audience on the way. And he was very friendly to say hello to me. And I said, do you want to eat spit? And he gave me a very delicious Taiwan spit. And then I said, what is it? Tangge spit. Finally, the Tangge spit. He directly posted it on my live broadcast. He said it wasn't Tangge, it was Tangkou. Tang is the Tang's big Tang. The Tang of the Tang of the Tang of the autumn sea. There is a Tang next to the Tang of the wood. Anyway, it's really called Tangkou spit.
(05:07~06:07) And then he... Because at that time I actually have something to say. I said, this spit is delicious. But he has a thing that makes me very surprised. His skin is still sweet. Of course we know that the flour must be made up. That is, the starch is gradually in your mouth. When it is separated, what starch is not there, what kind of thing. It naturally makes you feel the sweetness. So, so, like rice or flour, you have sweetness. This thing is generally normal. But let me tell you, that sweetness is definitely not the sweetness of the starch. It's another kind of thing. So I said, look, it's Tang. Taiwan people are crazy. Water-based bags give me Tang. But at that time I was not very confident. I just thought I was eating it. I said, this sweet taste is definitely not right. Definitely different from the usual place. Only the owner of Tang's water-based bag, he directly replied to me. He said, I added a little bit of sweetness. He said, yes, I have sugar. But I didn't add a lot, add a little bit. The taste of Taiwan men should be like this. So here it is. It means that my personal tongue of Qiu Yijie did not break. Here, you also consume this Tang water-based bag. Your water-based bag is a home-made bag. Really, it's so low. That's it.
(06:07~07:07) Taiwan men's taste. If you have a chance, you can go to Taiwan men's. You can try it. It's called a home-made water-based bag. I don't know what to say. Taiwan men's sweet taste water-based bag. There is also an boring hour this week. I don't know if you are loyal to the New Year's Eve. Come here and help me. You have to help me to prove one thing. It's been a long time. Not long, it's been about a year. I don't know. Probably my feeling, my feeling is about a year. A year ago, New Year's Eve once celebrated the New Year's Eve with the male secretive cleaning and maintenance product. Is there anything like that? Yes. I'm telling you, this is funny. Because I'm going to be in this week. I went to the Carmichael Open Mice as a host. Then Tian Chan, a theater actor. He said that women use secretive cleaning and maintenance products to maintain their secretive products. Men don't. Men don't use this kind of cleaning products. Later, when I was in the field, he said, Yes, New Year's Eve. And I'm telling you, this week,
(07:07~08:07) the secretive cleaning and maintenance product was a small windmill in my house. My wife was taking a shower. She saw the secretive cleaning and maintenance product on the shelf. I want to emphasize again. I will use all the things I'm going to do to maintain my secretive cleaning and maintenance product. After using it, I will return my feeling directly. It's not just writing a article. It's not just lying. I really use it. Then I use it. Then my wife sees the secretive cleaning and maintenance product. It's like a mess. She told me after she liked it. I asked her, Are you bringing something back? I thought about it. What? I put it there for about a year. If I really bring something back, and I really care about this thing, I usually use my skin. I used the bottle to finish it. My skin was broken. I told her, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. But I remember that on the live broadcast, everyone is a kind heart. I remember that on the live broadcast, I also mentioned it when I was talking about the new product. Actually, I said that the machine is a bit of a problem. When I was a little older, I was still a little bit shy. I thought that machine-eating is a dirty thing.
(08:07~09:26) But later on, when I was talking about the product, I went to Google and found out that there is actually a problem between a third of men. But they dare not say. But what do men do when they are machine-eating? They just put their hands inside their pocket. Then they grab their machine. Then they grab it. So you often see men grab their machine with their hands and pockets. I tell you, they just didn't think about using a secret plastic container. I tell you, that thing is useful. Everyone, I just want to say I bring something back. I bring something back. God is kind. How can I say this? Brother, you are so stupid. You have a scissor. Oh, you have a scissor? Where is it? I just didn't see it. I just ate noodles. I will check this matter later. Okay, that's it. Okay, that's it. I just want to share with him that men can also use a secret plastic container. Okay? It's the same as women. There is nothing wrong. I just tell you.
(09:26~10:26) So many of you.
(10:26~11:26) Get your diamonds. Do you like it? You don't like it? You don't like it?
(11:26~12:26) Wow, that's a lot. Oh, it's so hard. I'm going to go crazy.
(12:26~13:27) Oh, I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. I'm going to go crazy. It's your diamond, keep me in the song of brilliant eyes Can make you fall in love with you Diamond, diamond It's your diamond This is my song called Diamonds Diamond, diamond I just collected so much water
(13:27~14:27) Can you see it? So much water My mouth is so dry It's not easy I'm going to put it in the freezer I'm going to put it in the freezer Wait for me I'm afraid it will break I'm going to put it in the biohazard bag I'm going to put it in the freezer It's for testing Thank you It's really hard to make What was that? He said don't be so close He said He's so hungry He said he's not hungry I just said I just said My mouth is so dry I'm going to put it in the freezer I'm going to see Wait I can't do this right now
(14:27~15:27) Can I just put it in the biohazard bag? Wait for me Wait for me This is the beginning This live broadcast is on the way to the ear I said there was a mess in my mouth I just spit water I spit for a long time I was eating something I was just spitting water I just said I'm going back to see There's a member named RedBoo He asked a question I think many people have a new feeling RedBoo said I'm not very similar to your position But I like the content of your production I'm going to talk to you But I don't think politics is everything You're very healthy I don't know who you like I'm just kidding I was the host of Open My I met a performer Kampulian I've seen many Taiwanese actors I've seen Kampulian I don't know what he looks like But the problem is
(15:27~16:27) I don't know I don't know what he's doing I don't know where he's from I don't know what he's doing So I just want to ask some actors Old K Qiu Xiaoou Jieke Do you know what's special about Kampulian? The feature they've created Is Kampulian I introduced it to you I'm going to talk to the director I don't know So I'm going to do it I'm going to do it But I can't do it So I'm going to do it Kampulian Kampulian There are good and bad Some awkward places And he's not fully arrived He's going to leave So I'm going to the stage I'm not surprised But what are you doing? I said sorry
(16:27~17:34) I don't mean to offend you I don't really like Kampulian I'm just going to talk to you I hope you don't mind So let me tell you It's the same But actually, you know, this, this, no one said that everyone was going to kill me. My girlfriend is the one who is really the most lazy. I'm talking about Rebu now. She is the one who talks about the Chinese Republic. She told me that if I listen to the gossip again, she won't leave me. She will help me cancel the subscription to the office. Apparently she doesn't know that there is a channel called gossip. I think that this is just a woman who is making a fuss. I'm not angry. I'm very close to her. When the year goes by, I have brought her to eat with my parents. It didn't cause any problems to me. Let me ask you about gossip. Is there any way to let her know that politics is just a part of life? Actually, there are 90% of the content that is not related to politics. According to the gossip,
(17:34~18:34) in the society, the number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The number of years of the government is not the same as the number of years of the government. The point of compromise is that you have to sacrifice the fall of the autumn. You have to give up. But I'm not saying that you don't listen to my show. You know what I mean? I still encourage you to listen to my show. But you have to stand at a point of criticism from now on. You have to stand at a point of criticism from now on. I'm saying that I'm here to thank you for your support and love for me. I'm saying that I'm here to thank you for your support and love for me. But I don't want to break the relationship between anyone.
(18:34~19:34) So when you listen to my show, you can only scold me. I'm going to scold you. You're talking nonsense. I'm telling you, I watch this show every day. It's to collect the negative material that the little one talks about. I'm going to spread it on the Internet. You can't just talk about it. Because I'm telling you, you can only talk about it. You'll find out sooner or later. So you have to start a Threat account. You have to tell me about the bad things about the fall of the autumn. And as long as I post a message, I'll leave a million. I'm telling you, I don't want to miss you. Because there are too many people who will leave a million. You'll leave a million every day. And you'll be like the KPI result. You'll be like, look, I'm going to throw up today. I'm going to do it ten times. I'm going to do it. I think this person is quite a coward. But you can still watch my show. But from now on, you don't have to fight with your wife. Because I think it's like what you said. Politics is not about life. Your life is the most important. So why do you fight for life? I'm your political problem. You don't need to. Don't think about calling him to accept the fall of the autumn.
(19:34~20:34) This thing doesn't make sense. It's too difficult. But it's too easy for you to blame me for this. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. This thing is the most clever way. Please believe me. I'm serious. But to be honest, if you care about international politics, the United States, Europe, Taiwan, China, you'll find out that almost all countries are very good at it. Don't think about Taiwan, like the Blue and Green countries. What's the meaning of this? Because of Taiwan? No, the whole world is like this. The United States is the same. The Ministry of Defense and the Security. You go there. You'll find out that the two sides are completely different. They think they're both smart and low-skilled. They're evil. They can't be compared. I've been looking for this for 10 years. I think this is a very clear thing. The conflict between the human world is so difficult.
(20:34~21:34) The human peace is too long. If there's no conflict, whether it's war or disaster, there's always a surprise. Let the human beings have great losses. We'll start to cherish life. We'll start to discover this conflict of mutual confrontation. There's no meaning. If there's no such thing, I think the human society is not old. So I don't want anything to happen in this world. Something that's not reliable. But I think the whole world is looking at the situation of mutual confrontation. I think everyone is ready to do so. That's it. I think it's a more pessimistic idea. I'm not saying I want to do this. I want to emphasize it again. But I think everyone has gone crazy. Really. I think everyone has gone crazy. I used to have a very serious way of communicating. I used to think that I used to be a bit like a pig. I think I'm a bit like a pig. The pig doesn't want to see the train break into two sections. He wants to pull it out of two sections. He's a small, he's a superman.
(21:34~22:34) Do you think you're so good? Do you think you're Superman? Superman may have this power, but you don't have it. You're just a pig. The ability of a pig is a bigger pig. What can you do? But he's using a pig's brain to support him. He almost died. I think that's how I feel at that time. But I think that the train is destined to be broken. I can't save him. I'm just a small, he's a superman. I don't want to care anymore. I've told myself in the past 25 years that I'm a little bit worried about this. Those who want to fight and want to go crazy, you can go crazy. I sometimes when I'm in a good mood, I can say it with a mouth. But I really think it's okay. I don't want to go to the train again. I'm too tired. No one is grateful to you. That's it. I have nothing to say. I want to complain about one thing. I went to Yechui. It's not a recording. It's raining and it's cold.
(22:34~23:34) I don't think it's necessary to go to the recording. But I think I'm walking around the outside. I'm cooking. I'm listening to the sound of the water. It's a pretty good thing. I went to Pingling when I was in the 20th. A Danlan Valley. A place for wild animals. There's a pool. When I came back, I drove. I've been to the ice road. The snowmen of the ice road are really scary. When I drove, maybe around 9 o'clock, there were a lot of sand cars on the road. Or big-sized goods cars. I don't know what they were. They were usually called snowmen on the road. The snowmen were really scary. I was just driving there. I was in a narrow distance. I was in a double line. I was going straight to the front. I saw a safe distance.
(23:34~24:35) I was hit by a car. I was in a safe distance. I was hit by a car. It was scary. I was driving. I was in a safe distance. It was not normal. There was a truck in front of me. I was in a hurry and I was driving slowly. I knew I was driving slowly. I could move faster. So I was driving slowly. I was going to turn right. I was going to turn right. I made a small passage in the middle. The double line was a yellow line. You can drive here. You have to cross the road to the opposite lane. Because it's safe. The map is clear. It's safe. I feel like if I'm there, I'll be in a hurry. I'm sorry for his kindness, right? So I immediately turn left and enter the yellow line. I'm going to overtake.
(24:35~25:37) I've already crossed the line. I was clearly going to overtake. The big train behind me was laughing. I don't know what he was thinking. He went straight to the left and crossed the line to the inner side, to the outer side. Then he went straight from my left and went straight to the right. I was overtaking until half of the line. Both sides were only on the line. No, not the line, it was the ice road. I was already crossing the line and ready to overtake. When he was overtaking until half of the line, he overtook me again. I was like a hamburger in the middle of a three-digit train. The right was to overtake my car. The left was to overtake the car. I was in the middle. I was thinking, is this right? I know that I was driving on the road. It was very hard. I really respect their work. It was very hard.
(25:37~26:38) Because this work is very long and tiring. Sometimes you see people driving slower. You see people with a little bit of fire, with a little bit of temper, and you want to accelerate a little bit. I can understand it without any force. What's up? I was thinking, this kind of driving will definitely kill people. Not today, but tomorrow. Tomorrow will be a day. It's really too much. Please be careful with these ice road students. I forgot the adjustment. I was going to give up. Let's take a break. Let's go.
(26:38~27:40) It's alright. We've waited up too long. And couldn't take this by. It's alright. The night is gone. Alright. It's alright. The time is up tonight. We can play it by. Over and over again. It's alright. The sun is up tonight. It's alright. The sun is up tonight. It's alright. The sun is up tonight.
(27:40~28:58) And we can end this ride. It's alright. The night is gone. Alright. Yeah. The night is gone. It's alright. Yes. Yeah. At night time, when continue this ride, go home. When you drive a car, it's really over. Get over.
(28:58~29:59) Yeah, I just heard the song. Over when night is gone. Okay, next. I'm going to do a workshop. I'm going to look at my... I'll do some of the things that I don't have in mind. I just said that I'm doing open-mime in Kamili. This is my first time doing this. I'm actually pretty good today. I'm a little worried about the race. I'm not saying how bad I am. I believe that in this world, there are many people who are better than me. Like Bo-en, who has been working for over a decade. I can't compare with them. This is my first time doing this. But surprisingly, I feel that I'm doing pretty well. The point is not how good I feel. I feel like I've won a small victory. I used to tell others how I feel about my own good mood. The feeling of victory. But the feeling of victory is set up as a goal. For example, I hope that today I can finish 10 messages on the line. If you are the one who is the goal of today,
(29:59~30:59) you will be a small victory when you are done. If you can accumulate enough victory, then you will feel happy enough that day. So you have to set some goals for yourself. And this goal is the best. I think that being an open-mime host is a little bit hard for me. For example, someone laughs or says that many people buy tickets to see it. I didn't set any goals. I just have a very abstract feeling. Because I really don't know what to say. Anyway, I went to the scene. I think the atmosphere of the scene is actually pretty good. Whether it's with the actors or some audience who came to see it. Because the atmosphere of the scene is very good. So I think I've got a little victory in my heart. This little victory is something that gives me some happy feelings. But in the process, of course, recently, because the actors are practicing, recently, they are doing something very lively. So the thing about playing the drum, of course, it becomes a topic that many people have talked about. I forget who it is. He suddenly said something. He said, I don't really understand.
(30:59~31:59) Why do you think playing the drum is very interesting or fun? He just plays the drum very boring. Why would he want to play the drum? I also think this is a weird way of talking. Because I think playing the drum is fun. What are you talking about? Playing the drum is a national ceremony, okay? But he has a limit. The limit is in your family. And your wife or your very good girlfriend. If it's them, I tell you this thing will definitely do something. I touch and say, I'm still talking about boys. Because I dare not say girls. But I've seen girls do this thing. I say it's boys. You touch and say, in your family, for example, your wife is washing a bowl. Or when the waist is cutting something, and you just pass by her side, and you see her butt is facing you. You won't take a picture at once? I tell you, there are so many boys doing this. When you see it, even if it's not about the color, it's just a very boring impulse. Just hit it directly. I asked you if you've ever done this. There are too many.
(31:59~32:59) I tell you, there are enough boys doing this. So these boys can come out and say, is this thing boring? Why are you boring? There will be people doing it, okay? There will be people doing it. I'll tell you first. What I'm talking about is that I object to what you call playing with your butt is not fun. I'll tell you, playing with your butt is fun. But the problem is, who do you play with? What's the situation? Can the other party agree with this? That's what everyone has to do with their own understanding. I'm not saying everyone can play. What I'm talking about is that it's definitely fun. Don't talk nonsense about it. It's not fun. I can tell you it's fun. And then, and then, and then, I just said boys. I'm serious. I also know a lot of girls doing this. So don't tell me what I'm talking about. Playing with your butt is not fun. It's fun. It's obviously fun. But, but I want to talk about a, a thing. That is to say, three or four days ago, I forgot which day it was. Anyway, this thing is getting worse and worse. And then DK just made a video. And then, he was editing that,
(32:59~33:59) that, that, that, actually, I remember before he made the video, just last week, when it was live, actually, I've already talked about the basic idea of this thing. I said, I just said, actually, I can completely, just, just, just, just know why my grandson would say that. But I also have to say, my grandson is definitely wrong. Because, he thinks, the point is not how he thinks, but how the other person thinks. So if he thinks the other person is not feeling well, that is not comfortable. You can't think that you think, oh, this, this, I think it's okay. I really, I really, because at that time, my grandson's saying is, I hit his butt, and then, I really hit his butt, but I think that's not a bother. But this thing is not just to talk about it. I actually, last week's live, I talked about this basic idea. But I actually didn't, I just briefly talk about this at the moment, I didn't go to talk about anything that's behind the scenes. Actually, I really thought about this question, I think my original principle is this, that is, although I won't say how good I am to them, but I know them.
(33:59~35:00) I know them, I will think, if I do things, called public, public, public, public, the ver VP, the髮型, it's not public skin. It's the disputed meaning, but that I think this is not right, because it will not solve the problem. So actually I was at 12 o'clock at night, I was about to go to bed. Anyway, it was very late. I felt that I had to send a message to Ku Xuan. I told him that this is not going to work. I said that I think you should apologize and take responsibility. I remember that I wrote hundreds of words, and it was quite long.
(35:00~36:01) And then I said that although I hope that you can apologize and apologize, I still hope that you can go through this crisis. And then there will be better development in the future. I want to say that this is a word of encouragement from the heart. I hope that he can accept my advice. But I have probably not sent a message to Ku Xuan for many years, three years, four years. So I kind of forgot which Facebook account is which. Because Facebook accounts have nearly 5000 friends. So if I don't contact them, I don't know who they are. A few days ago, I was in a meeting with a friend of mine. A few days ago, Zhong Zhitong sent me a message. He sent me a strange account. But I don't understand at all at the moment. And I still don't know who he is. So I just asked him a question. After I finished answering, I thought about Zhong Zhitong. So I thought that Ku Xuan is a account. I remember that Ku Xuan is Kevin. He is Kevin. But I forgot what Kevin is. And then I looked for Kevin in my contact list. I saw a Kevin. I thought that this should be Ku Xuan.
(36:01~37:02) I thought that it might be too late. I didn't know what to do. So I ordered two boxes. And I just put in the 500 messages. And I sent them to Ku Xuan. I thought that I would take the responsibility of my personal life. I thought that I did a great job. I was ready to go to bed. I started reading comics. I was about half an hour or an hour away. Then suddenly, Kevin said, Do you think that I am Ku Xuan? I was thinking that I was not the one who thought about Ku Xuan. I was already tired. I wanted to go to bed. And I suddenly had a feeling that you have lost your mind. I was like, who is Ku Xuan? Where is he? I thought that I should go to bed. Then I didn't do this. Then yesterday, I was in the sea. I saw a article on the internet.
(37:02~38:21) A friend on the internet said, I asked D, Zixi, Qiqi, and Guaji, who has the courage to persuade Ku Xuan? I thought that I was the one who thought that I am Ku Xuan. No, I didn't. I didn't advise him. I thought that I was the one who thought that I was the one who thought that I was Ku Xuan. I thought that I would be the one who would be the one who thought that I was Ku Xuan. I said, I have the courage to persuade him. I didn't know that I was Ku Xuan. I didn't say that I didn't know that I was Ku Xuan. I said that I didn't know that I was Ku Xuan. But I did have the courage to do that. I said that I didn't. Fuck. I just want to talk about this. That's how my position is. I think that I have always been the same person in the same position. I think that the most reasonable way to do this is to persuade him. I think that's the right of people. I just really forgot his account. That's it. Let's share the boring thing.
(38:21~39:22) I'll pass you by. Heaven knows it's what you want every time. Cause you are me. But I know you're gone. Oh baby. Why don't we take it? But don't we take it? Where are you? Oh. Forgive me every moment. Without your love. You're hurting me. Every time I remember what I've done.
(39:22~40:24) I want to go back. I die here for you. And you don't think about me. My love, don't leave me without your love. Cause you are for me. And I know. My love. Oh baby. Why don't you save me? Heaven must be what you are. And that is why. I love you baby. I love you baby. I love you baby. I love you baby. I love you baby. I love you baby. Cause I know. Cause I've been all alone. You've been all alone. Listen to me, baby.
(40:24~41:27) I don't know if you love me. But I'll tell you. In a song that says. Heaven must be what you are. Hey, where's the heart? Heaven, heaven, heaven. It's what you are. Okay, this song just now. Heaven knows. It's from 54 Ultra. This song is only heaven knows. I know it. I know it. I've tried my best. Cause I'm really. But I've sent messages to my grandson. And it's the same. I'm telling you my true views. I'm not really seeing it. But I'm in the inside. I think they did something wrong. I hope they can take responsibility.
(41:27~42:27) And I think no matter where they are. They all have good and kind places. I hope they can do better in the future. And the wrong place can be improved. I think this is my biggest hope for them. And I think this world should have it. But I'm not confident in the world. Am I like I hoped? Am I always thinking about it? I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I don't think that my grandson and my grandson have no chance to be better. I'm talking about whether society has a space to make people better. I used to think so. But I've been feeling that way. The world has become so strange. That's the feeling. That's it. I'm not talking about the sad things. I've been seeing something boring. It's a bit of a political thing. But I think it's funny.
(42:27~43:27) I've been on a live broadcast a few days ago. I said that I got up at 4 P.M. everybodyぷ I was 100% sure. But I didn't understand the process of representation. That's because.- The public 안 夺c how I feel 지금. I think this article is more clear. The original version of this article is directly mentioned. But I think it's not a big deal. It's just a simple story. He said he would go to school at 4 a.m. every morning. And then he went to... Wait, is it Sunwen? I forgot. He's a teacher, right? He said he was always on the front page of Sunwen. Let me tell you about the national song. It was born in 1973. It was born in 1973. It was about two years old. So it should be about 51 years old now. I think many people are a bit different from his age.
(43:27~44:29) I don't know much about the background of that era. So I think he would go to school at 4 a.m. every morning. I want to tell you something. Many people think he was a joke. He used to say that the three-member group should be burned. He used to teach the three-member group to kick out the criticism. Maybe ten years ago. He said he was doing something bad. He said he was a bad guy. So I think why did you change so much? You said you were a fan of Sunwen. You know the three-member group. It must be to get rid of the blue-winged group. I don't know if it's the purpose. But if I look at the full-fledged group, I think it's a good idea to tell him something. The thing he said ten years ago is a bit different. He said he was serious about losing. But he didn't believe it. He didn't mention it. He said he was very moved when he saw Sunwen. He was serious about losing. He learned to memorize it very clearly. He didn't know if he was the three-member group.
(44:29~45:29) I think many people are now in the Democratic Party. Some of the important members of the Democratic Party are talking about the fact that he is lying. I'm afraid that people will misunderstand me. I don't like to be in the leader's group. So I'm serious about finding the original. I think I can't explain it. But because it's been a long time ago. It's been more than 30 years. I think you don't understand the social atmosphere. I think that era... Because it's been two years. So when he was in high school, I was in the same school. So I think I can tell you my feeling. In that era, the Democratic Party was not a strange thing. I thought the three-member group was great. The Democratic Party was great. We had to work hard. I'm not kidding. I think the anti-communist group was not a rare thing. Now, young people think the anti-communist group is funny. But that era is not wrong. So in that era, if he really believes in the three-member group,
(45:29~46:30) and he knows this thing well, it's not a strange thing at all. That's how many people are now. I was in high school. I was in this mood. I was in high school. I was bullied. I participated in some reading sessions with the bad students. Then I found out that the Democratic Party was really unbelievable. So I started to change. But I was in high school. So in that era, reading the three-member group is not strange. The three-member group actually has two books on the top and bottom. But not thick. But I think the book is difficult to read with a back-to-back. Why is it difficult? Because there are some logical abstract concepts in it. I'll give you an example. For example, if today I ask you to recite a story. That story may be a story. What is the Zhou Dynasty? What is the King of Zhou Wen? What is the King of Shang Zhou? Because he has a story behind him. And in the end, he defeated Shang Zhou, and became the King of Shang Dynasty. Then he became the Zhou Dynasty. And then something happened in the middle. This is all one thing.
(46:30~47:31) I think in the back-to-back, because he has a story background, a logical logic behind him. So you have to recite it. I think it's easy. But because the three-member group has a lot of content. It's a abstract concept. For example, what is the name of the name? Is this thing a standard answer? Actually, no. This is a standard answer. How do you know how the standard answer came up with these concepts? You don't know. You are not him. So for him, for you, actually, a lot of the content of the national rich is actually in the back-to-back. Back-to-back is the hardest. But it's hard to say. It's not really hard. Because the three-member group is two sides up and down. The two are not really thick. I think when I saw this article, the first reaction was not that how could you do the core three-member group? No, I don't know. I think you have to do the exam. You will see it. I will see it too. I don't believe it. But I have a back-to-back. I have a back-to-back. I have a very good back-to-back. My question is more like does the three-member group need to find a four-point answer? Let me tell you something. I can't explain it to you. But the national rich in that era, I don't know now. Because of the connection,
(47:31~48:33) so they will come in and read it. They are super smart. And then Huang Guo Chang is definitely not an exception. And then he also read the law of the great Taiwan. He also went abroad to read books. Right? So, I remember it. No matter what, like this one, this one, the dragon in the crowd. And then how could it be that they need to find a four-point answer? I really don't believe it. Because I'm not lying. He might really have done this. But I just don't understand why he did this. Because at that time, I think the excellent students in class always play basketball here. Then play the club. And then when the exam is over, the score is super high. Like a ghost. At that time, my classmates were all the same. In the middle school, I can't find one that is that I start to read books from morning to night. I don't even need to mention that I start to read books from 4 a.m. I can't imagine that there would be this kind of person. If there is, I would be laughed at. You know? I can only say that I don't understand this. I just don't understand. I just don't understand.
(48:33~49:33) If you think I'm in the crowd, let me tell you. I'm here. I share a middle school student with his classmates in class. Because I was with him when I was a kid. Maybe he has a little bit of a difference with him. With his classmates in class. Then he has shared a this, this, this, this, this, what is it called? It's called the spiritual festival, right? Then the spiritual festival, he forgot what he was doing. Let me take a look. He said I was with the national team classmates, classmates, classmates and classmates. And I didn't study. I was studying in school for three years. I tell you, this kind of I have a lot of these things in the country. I didn't study either. Many people in the country didn't study. Then I was just studying in school. Then the exam was very strong. I'll tell you. I don't know if the sports department has the same school. Even if there is, 4 o'clock in the morning, the sky is dark. It should be impossible to study. And 4 o'clock in the morning, what do you have to do when you study? Usually, you have to study well in class. And you can open up until 9 o'clock in the morning and evening. You know, you have enough to study well. What's the good thing about early study? I tell you, not studying three-year-old math is still high score. It's worth the money. I saw it and I thought yes, this is my impression. I think how is it possible? I tell you, that age, that age, the students in middle school are all
(49:33~50:35) studying, not studying, not looking at the math, but the exam is very high score. So I can imagine that this is the only reasonable place. At that time, in China, either it's not smart enough, or a little too stupid, so you need to get up at 4 o'clock to study. But if it's not like that, it's really super smart. I think it should be super smart. Then it's that kind of very clever classmate. He must be sleeping all day long. Then playing football with his classmates, playing football, playing poker, playing basketball, not studying. I told you before the exam, I didn't read it, what should I do? But actually, I finished reading it at 4 o'clock in the morning. I finished reading it at 6 o'clock. Then I pretended to be sleeping and coming to school. What should I do? I didn't read anything. I finished reading it. Then I was full of that kind of ugly guy. When I saw his mother, she was so excited from high school. When her mother heard this story, I tell you, I actually didn't think what she said that the reading of the three-member group was cheating. I only had one feeling, that is, she must be a very excited person. I only have this feeling. That's it.
(50:35~51:37) Then I tell you this thing. I only think it's funny. I share it with you. I only think it's funny. This story is so absurd. What's the point? The official fan. Okay, that's it. I share it with you. But this is really a small thing. It's just a memory shared when you were young. So I think those who hate him, those who are against the public opinion, now that you are taking this question to scold him, I don't think it's necessary. Because doing this story is really useless. It's meaningless, okay? Okay, that's it. That's it. Share this boring story with you. Over
(51:37~52:39) I'm a man who's got a gun, a headless grandson for the mayor So cut the liabour, don't talk to the head, day like day I'm a man who's got a gun, a headless grandson for the mayor I thought that we can, I thought that we can I thought that we can, yeah I thought that we can, I thought that we can I thought that we can, yeah I thought that we can Chen Yiheng's O.I. Thought That We Care I thought we really cared He said that he couldn't go You can't go, you can't go Jin Sui Shi, Kim Sa Bu, L.D.K.
(52:39~53:42) Xiang Kuan Gae, Choo Ga Kya Diam Dery Ka Gong Wei Mr. Mr. Confucius, all you did is confuse us Aki Diao Ke Chi, Heo De He, headless grandson for the mayor So cut the liabour, don't talk to the head, day like day I'm a man who's got a gun, a headless grandson for the mayor I thought that we can I thought that we can I thought that we can I thought that we can I thought that we can I thought that we can I thought that we can
(53:42~55:02) We are not that weak, yeah The stars are shining, the stars are shining Oh, the sun is shining The stars are shining, the stars are shining Oh, the sun is shining The moon is not good, it's not good Oh, the sun is shining The stars are shining, the stars are shining We are not that weak, yeah We are not that weak, yeah We are not that weak, yeah We are not that weak, yeah So, can you see?
(55:02~56:03) Yeah, this song is very cool. His lyrics are a bit difficult to understand and a bit abstract. But I think it's pretty good. He is obviously a political expression of some kind. Because it's actually very... Or a concern for some social issues. But I think maybe in his creative process, whether it's because of him or the producer, or some of his plans, gave him some opinions. So it's a bit difficult to understand what he wrote in the end. But I suggest you to give him some details. Because he obviously wants to talk about some things. But he might have to take a little bit of the time to talk about the exit. But he has an important theme that is on his title. It's called I thought that we cared. I thought we really cared. But he will talk about this. And he wrote a song. It means he really cares. I also hope that no matter what kind of events, social issues, politics, or what else, we don't fight for this. But what should we do? We really care about it. I think this is Chen Yiheng's song. I think that in the end, someone would like to write a song that has a little bit of a social issue and a little bit of a political issue. I think we have to give him a respect.
(56:03~57:03) And he wrote it so well. Wow, that's great. Chen Yiheng is giving him a respect. No matter what kind of political position he is, I think he will respect him the most. That's it. I think this is a good song. You can collect it. If you have a single song, you can collect it. And then take a look at his lyrics. I just got a blind date. On the weekend, I was in a hurry to go to the hospital. I sent a letter later saying that I was really miserable at that time. I was about 20 times in 24 hours. I was about 20 times in 30 hours. It was really scary. And then you thought it was going to stop. But how long did it take? And then it came out again. You never knew that there were so many things in your intestines. Can you run out? Is your intestines so long? Is it so big? Can you suck so many things? And then you sometimes want to say... But I think there's a very interesting point. When I was in the hospital, I went to see a doctor at that time. And the doctor was also quite interesting. A doctor with a high evaluation rate nearby. I didn't say he was not good. I just simply said that one of my... Just a... Just a ten-degree-tent.
(57:03~58:04) He probably said to me in a short time, you might be a coward. You might be a acute gastrointestinal disease or some other problems. But no matter what, whether it's acute gastrointestinal disease or a coward, the treatment methods are the same. So we don't have to save ourselves. What's his problem? I'll give you medicine. I don't need to care about this. I think it's quite funny. But it's quite interesting. Anyway, I'll go back to eat. And then... The doctor said something else. He said, if you feel that you're not good at eating, you should eat something. He suggested that you can eat this, eat that, eat banana, eat apple, eat white porridge, eat white bread. He probably made some list of things. He said, even if you don't feel well, you should eat something. That's it. It's very clear. But after I went back, I felt very strange. Because I've been stomachache since the beginning. And then... And then I had to pull my stomach. It was very uncomfortable. But I was always hungry. I always wanted to eat something. And then... And then I... Like, I... At that time, I cooked all my meals on my own. I cooked a lot. I kept eating and pulling. And then I ate and pulled. And after I ate, I still felt stomachache.
(58:04~59:04) But I still felt like I wanted to eat. Then I went to ask my friend around me. My wife, I was sick. I asked her, you have a long-term gastrointestinal disease. Because her gastrointestinal disease is worse. She said she doesn't want to eat. She asked her friend, yes, she doesn't want to eat. What happened to me? I felt like I was too much of a desire to eat. My stomach was hurting. It was not because of the pain. I was even in a state of stomachache. But the time I spent eating was when I felt like I wanted to eat a lot of things. Oh my god. The doctor said I should eat more lightly. But it was not enough to cut a turtle. It was not enough. At that time, I felt... Look, I was very nervous. I felt like... I was very nervous. I thought, actually, I should be a little bit abnormal. This should not be my body that asked me to eat. It is my heart that asked me to eat. My heart did not give up. You know what? This is like... You see that kind of hot blood fighting. It has clearly reached the level of HP. You should have collapsed. But you did not collapse. Because your heart did not lose. Your soul is still fighting. So my soul's stomach
(59:04~60:05) still tells me that you are being eaten. You are being eaten. You are being eaten. I feel like I have cooked a lot of food. I really think I am crazy. Anyway, I just said that I will eat for a while. I have been living well. Even though I have a sense of taste. And... What? Happy birthday to Pikachu. I am talking to Pikachu. Happy birthday. And... What did I just say? After eating, I will kill. After eating, I will kill. Life is to eat, kill, kill. Anyway, I am learning that. Right? I know. I know. He said that you can eat white rice with turtle. Yes, I am like this. I am like this. Because I thought about it. I think I should have some some rice noodles and tofu. I am going to be crazy. I don't want to. I will make a turtle. I can make a turtle. Like this. Alright. But there is one thing. I have not told my wife. I really don't know how to say it.
(60:05~61:05) I was just talking about it. I am not talking about water. Because I want to do a physical health checkup. With some... With some age, hormones, and some other things related to it. Something like that. He said that he is going to do a physical checkup. Because tomorrow, I will go to the hospital to do a physical checkup. And I will get the body checked. I came here today. I just checked the explanation of the physical checkup. Everyone used to do physical checkups. They should know that. Actually, physical checkup is quite simple. You just have to be on the same team. You can do it in the opposite direction. And you will fall on the toilet. And you will take a small needle. And you will put it in the room. OK. This is the physical checkup. I thought it was that simple. I have done it a million times. There is no problem. It is different. I saw something. It is a big container. It is so big. A big cup. What does it mean? I want to see the explanation. Because I really know that. Actually, they have explained it to me. But I have not heard it. I am not a person who really loves to listen to people.
(61:05~62:06) I am a small friend of yours. I will see the explanation. The explanation is written on it. It has another tool. It is like a cloth. It is a piece of... Oh, it is not a cloth. I think it is not good. It is not right. It is like a green bag. A green bag of coffee. It has two ears next to it. And it is a little like a sanitary mask. The ear is actually a tape. You can stick it on your toilet cover. It will show a... It is like a green bag. It has a cable. It is like a small cup. You hang it in the middle of the toilet. When you put it on the toilet, you will put it on the small cup. I think it will put it on the whole cup. It is very strong inside. It has a small thing. It is like ice cream. It is soft. No matter what it is, it is soft.
(62:06~63:07) It is to get the best result. You can't just put it on. You have to put it on. Put it on very evenly. Put it on very evenly. It is like a shrimp and fish ball. Put it on the cup. I want to say, F**k, what is that? It is the best to put it on half cup. The cup is so deep. It is so wide. You have to put it on half cup at least. I just want to say, I am so happy. I finally finished the big change. I will start with the ice cream spoon. I will put it on the other side. Because the process is too disgusting. I will put it on the other side. I will put it on the other side. I will tell you, because this is going to be a long-term thing. I have been crazy about it. I eat purple crab meat every day. I don't know if it is the effect of purple crab meat. I have been eating purple crab meat for too long. I have been eating it for two days.
(63:07~64:09) I can't get it out. The big change is so hard. I have never tried it before. It is impossible. It is like a rock. I can't get it out. I really can't. The ice cream spoon I can't get the big change. I just want to get it out. I want to get it out. I will use the cup to make it. I will use my hand to make it. I will use a fast motion. I will put it in the hole. According to the instruction, there is a last action. Fortunately, my wife is going to take a shower. I can talk about it. I hope she doesn't go back to the room. She said she will put it in the fridge. According to my understanding of her, she will be mad. She will throw all the food in the fridge. She will disinfect the fridge. She will use it again. She will not accept it. She will feel so disgusting.
(64:09~65:09) But the doctor said she must put it in the fridge. So I will put it in the fridge. We have put all kinds of food in the fridge. Red wine, white wine, green wine. snacks. Fresh vegetables and fruits. I will take them out. I will put them in the fridge. I will think about it. Cai Ming Jun, don't find it. What should I do? I thought I was laughing. I thought that I will put it in the fridge. She was so nervous. She said I will put it in the fridge. I wonder what is in there. There is a big video. I will close it. That's it.
(65:09~66:41) Thank you! I heard a good story. Let's share it. happy, easy songs. This is my song, called Koa Cycle. I'm in love. I'm in love.
(66:41~67:45) This is my song, called Koa Cycle. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. Oh, I thought I was saying she was falling in love. Love is the last love. I'm in love. I'm in love. The two of us. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. I love you. I love you.
(67:45~68:57) I do love you. Yeah, you're so cool. ♡ Thank you, come on.
(68:57~70:10) I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe Can you love me? Can you watch me never stay there? I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe Can you love me? Can you watch me never leave me? I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe Can you love me? Can you watch me never leave me? I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe Can you love me? Can you love me babe
(70:10~71:10) I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe Can you love me? Can you love me babe? I've been loved, I've been said that you can love me babe Can you love me babe? Can you love me babe?
(71:10~72:10) Can you love me babe? Can you love me babe? Can you love me babe? Can you love me babe? You're going to be organized. You'll think about it. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized.
(72:10~73:10) You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized.
(73:10~74:11) You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. You're going to be organized. It's really going to be about organizing things. You're going to be an important person I'm really curious about this. I think there's something that will change the second one. I remember I went to the mountains last time. I usually leave the place. You're going to the mountains. You're going to put in some important equipment. Whether it's a tent or a roof. or a bowl of Tianpeng or Tianmu or anything, you just make it and you feel like you've settled in a level. You have to rely on yourself. You'll make a small dessert for yourself, and then have a cup of coffee, and then drink it to the water. Whatever you like. Then you'll just make it and sit on that chair, enjoying the scenery of nature. You'll probably rest for about an hour or an hour, then do other things. Usually it will be like this. I remember that time,
(74:11~75:14) I was probably doing the small dessert, and then I made the drink, and then I was resting there. I don't know if I remember that time, actually I had a backpack, that... a yuzu... a yuzu fried fish, a high-salt bag. That was something I had been carrying around for a long time. I didn't have to do it. Then I suddenly thought, let's make a drink to the soup. The weather was a bit cold on the mountain, around 10 degrees, around 11 or 12 degrees. So I drank the hot soup, I felt very satisfied. But that time, to me, because I had prepared many snacks and drinks for myself. I was totally taken aback. I suddenly realized something. You know, when you're in the wild, when you're outside, you'll have a stronger impulse. A dish. That impulse won't stop. You just want to open the fire, and you just want to burn something, to boil water. What do you want? Actually it's not your stomach that needs it anymore. It's your heart that needs it.
(75:14~76:24) Your heart needs to keep doing one thing. The place I went to was not in the signal, no network. So your thoughts all come into the process of doing things. But doing things is not like on the production line of a factory, like a non-loving Nike shoe, a pair of shoes, and then you keep on wearing the sports shoes. That's not what it means. It's not the work of the poor, it's very creative. It's for the sake of happiness. Time goes by so fast. It's really... It's not something you can talk about. It's the stomach that keeps on eating. It's like I'm having stomachache, stomachache, and stomachache. I'm still having stomachache. In the process of recording, I really think that the stomach that needs you keeps on eating more food. It's really happy. If you haven't done anything similar, I really recommend you to try it. This thing will change you.
(76:24~77:24) Wait, I... I'm going to play a song. I didn't know I was going to play this song. I was so confused. I made such a good ending. I completely forgot that I was going to play a song. Actually, I think I'm very lazy today. I think I'm going to play this song. It's a song I might want to listen to when I'm recording. It's called On a Clear Day You Can See Forever. When the sky is clear, you can always see it clearly. I think that's when you reach a great outside, enjoy a good afternoon, you will have a feeling. On a Clear Day Rise and look around you And you will see who You are
(77:24~78:30) You are You are You are You are You are On a Clear Day How it will astound you That the glow of your being I'll shine every star You'll feel part of every mountain You'll see and shore And you can hear from far and near A world you've never heard before With On that Clear Day
(78:30~79:31) On that Clear Day You can see Forever And ever Evermore Forever Yeah, this song is called On a Clear Day You Can See Forever. In a sunny day, you can always see it clearly. You can see Forever Forever Forever Forever Forever
(79:31~80:33) Forever Forever Forever You'll feel part of every mountain You'll see and shore And you can hear from far and near A world you've never heard before On that Clear Day On that Clear Day You can see Forever And ever Evermore Forever
(80:33~81:35) Forever Shhh, shhh, shhh. Happy Birthday! There's a... A member of the meeting, he said that life is a constant loss. He said that from last year, because some family members moved out from their home, although they moved out, but they still go home for meals for a week or two. When they went home recently, I found that Zhang Xue's concert tickets and cards and some of the cards from the concert tickets were thrown away by the people around the stage. I was so angry at that time. This is not the first time that things that were thrown away from the small to the big were randomly opened by the random.
(81:35~82:36) I asked my mom why I didn't allow it to be thrown away. My mom didn't want to be a part of the fight. She only wanted to use the faint sound of the sound. It was like I couldn't answer any of the words. Because there were other things to deal with at the time. I didn't say anything else. After the cold, I had various emotions. Because I was the one who was growing up. My parents took care of me since I was a child. They were far beyond my expectations. I understand their suffering, but since then, I haven't had any thoughts and can leave any valuable memories. I don't understand why they still leave the pictures and I still have to be self-sufficient to my personal memories. Is the process of control still the same? Or is it that we can't fix our old ideas? Or is it that we're sick? We can't get angry from the beginning until we can handle the things we accept. Although we can handle the situation, we still have more thoughts and emotions to deal with. I finally grew up in the age of four. Understanding these things is not important to your family. It's just that you silently accept the emotions of your family. You're always being denied the trust and you're always being destroyed by the destruction. Some people with some beliefs
(82:36~83:36) will no longer contact you. They just keep the memories and feel like they're missing a piece of their heart. They're angry and lost, and they're together. I'm still at home and I've already lost my home and the only important family left. Is this a question of seeking answers or is it that my heart is dead? I really don't know what to do. I've actually told you all that the food is not as important as you'd think. So sometimes losing it is a good thing. But this doesn't mean that everything is not important. I've left many things in my head. Like some of my personal thoughts. Even when I'm talking about the truth, I've actually lost almost all of them. Some of them may not have been lost, but I've lost them all. All of them. Some of them gave me my personal thoughts. The reason is not certain. Because there are things I can eat and use. Some of them don't know what to do. Some of them may have been given to others. But I've never lost my personal thoughts. I've never lost my personal thoughts. Really.
(83:36~84:37) There's one thing that I've always thought is annoying. Sometimes people give me something like a peace suit. Like I have a white one on my table. This is the most difficult thing for me. They might have been taken long ago. For example, it was in 2013. I think this thing is efficient. Because I've never used it in 2020. Maybe in 2013. But I can't use it in 2020. Can I throw it away? I can think about it. I can't throw it away. I can't throw it away. So I have so many things that can be left. It looks like I'm a superstitious person. But I'm not superstitious. So I don't know what to do. Then... Then... So I can understand. Some things I really can't understand. I'm very sad. I can understand your regrets. But everyone's situation is different. Like you said, you have some difficulties.
(84:37~85:38) For example, your life is very dependant on your family. You know they're very hard. So you don't think like others. You think like I can. You think like I can. You use a very complainant way to talk about this. But... I'm not in your environment. I always emphasize this. I'm not on your path. I don't know if I can help you. If you don't have it, you have to make a decision. Because you really care about this. You and your family have to be together for a long time. So the best strategy at this time is to communicate well. Or you never communicate well. Don't fight with him. You don't have to fight. You can communicate well. You can talk about this. But is it possible that you don't want to listen? It's possible. Some people can't understand. Like my dad. I understand how bad your family is. So in that situation,
(85:38~86:38) when you meet someone like my dad, you can talk to him. I know he has something. I can't communicate with him. So I give up. I give up. I can't make myself happy. You have to find your own way. Because your family is a difficult thing. Especially for you. So I think you have to think about this. But I think you can communicate well. Maybe you can help me. OK? OK, that's it. I can tell you that I understand how the boss of Den is. Don't talk about it. It's too small. OK, come on. Then... What? What? The big town announced divorce. It's not going to be a good thing.
(86:38~87:39) I hope that at least the boss of the boss can make it. Peace. The divorce of the big town. I think the relationship is the most precious thing. Even if you have a marriage, you can change. If you want to pursue a life, you won't change. It's not about yourself. Because marriage is not in the selling. How much trouble he has. He can't overcome it. The situation of Yang Da-zhen. Yang Da-zhen lives with my father. He can go anywhere. I don't know if I have a chance to meet him. I met Yang Da-zhen last time. I'm not sure about the details. I don't want to comment on others. I don't care about others. But I can only say don't change the wish and take it to others. This is the best way to protect yourself. Don't think about things that are useless. OK. I'll tell you this.
(87:39~88:40) I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. Yang Da-zhen lives with his father. And everyone is now in the 0G. Let's take a picture. OK. That's it. And KK said that the house is in Shandong. Mini said I hope I can make it on the way to divorce. And everything is the most peaceful way. The way to divorce. OK. And the color of the file. Did I see it? Oh, I'm so sorry. Thank you for the color of the file. I saw the one in front. OK. And finally, I'll tell you a boring story.
(88:40~89:41) I'm doing a health checkup. I did it twice last week. I took some tests this week. I'll do it again tomorrow. And the last time I did it was with He-Mong and Nian-Qi. Some of them. So he does a lot of regular health checkups. He asked me if I could make it. Do you feel better recently? Yes. Do you feel like you're not as good? Yes. Do you feel like you're not motivated? And you can't get up? And you don't want to work? Yes. Do you feel like you're not lucky? No. Do you feel like you're not working out? No. Do you feel like you're still working out? Yes. Do you feel better? Do you feel better?
(89:41~90:43) Yes. But I feel like I'm not that lucky recently. What about your computer? Yes. But it's all back. And I did this kind of test last week. He gave me another test which is the same. Do you feel better? Do you feel that your physical strength has decreased? Yes. Do you feel that your luck has not become so strong? No, I have a strong luck. Is the machine hard? The machine is still very hard. After I finished the whole recording, I thought, I was just trying to be content. I also wanted to get a correct result. So I didn't want to move my hands and feet on the recording. I was confused. But after I finished the recording, a doctor thought, every one of them said yes. Every one of them said yes. They said yes. They said yes. Every one of them said yes.
(90:43~91:43) But they didn't have the ability to do it. They were just kidding. I thought the doctor must have thought that I was lying. And I think there are maybe ten middle-aged men who go to do this test. Maybe ten middle-aged men are lying. I'm not lying. I'm not lying. I really don't know how to explain this. I hope that there is someone in the world who can prove that I'm a good guy. Is it Qiu Yi Jie? Or is he still very strong? But... But my question is really suspicious. What should I do? You know what I'm going to say today? No matter how old you are, you're still a young man. What I'm talking about is... I admit that I'm almost 50 years old. I've discovered many problems. I'm slowly becoming more and more pregnant. But I'm not very good.
(91:43~92:43) But I'm lucky. I'm still the same as a young man. I don't think I have a big difference with you. I'm probably still trying to be strong. I'm lucky every day. Really? But you believe me? The doctor asked me about all the problems in my pregnancy. He asked me about all the problems in my pregnancy. I asked him about my physical strength. He asked me about it. I wrote a question and he asked me about it. He said that he was sure of the result. Is it hard to be a mother? Is it hard to be a mother? He said that his answer was not important. Doctor, do you think I'm not going to tell the truth about this? I'll go see the doctor again tomorrow. I don't know. I found out that the doctor wanted to know about the patient. So he did some research and went to watch my videos.
(92:43~93:43) I told the doctor that if you watch this live, I'll tell you about it. He asked me about it. I was really sick. I'm so sick. Please believe me. I want to tell you something. I've been in a bad mood for the past two years. But I don't know why I feel so normal in the Spring Festival. I'm worried that I might have a high fever or a low bone. I've been in a high fever and I'll be back in a while. I didn't expect that I'd be back in a few weeks. I didn't feel like I was completely out of breath. I was not happy at all. I felt very happy. I was worried that I might be sick. But I didn't expect that I'd be back in a few days. I was so upset. I was so scared that I fell asleep in the night. I thought I was fine.
(93:43~94:43) But I was so scared. I was about 9 or 10 at night. I was about to go to bed at 9 or 10. I was taking a break at that time. I was watching the video of the test. I was watching the video of the health test. I was watching the video of the health test. I was so upset. I didn't care. I felt like I was about to fall. But I was about to fall. I felt like I was about to fall. I was about to fall. I was about to fall at the sofa for about an hour or two. I was standing up and doing my homework. After I finished my homework, I started to write my homework. I started to do my homework. How many things can I do? How many words can I write? I didn't know that after 2 hours, I felt like I was getting better. I didn't know if everything was going well.
(94:43~95:43) I was getting better. But I felt that as long as there is a battle, as long as the spirit hasn't lost, you can still eat it. You can still keep going forward. This is the final conclusion I hope I can give you. Okay, the last song today. A song from Korea. A song from Korea. I can't write Korean songs. I can only tell you who sang it. This group is called Miss T Blue. I've already written it. I'll describe its lyrics. It's really hard to understand Korean.
(95:43~96:43) I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This song was written by Artistboarder. I'll draw a clock. Maybe, this song is good for drawing. It's so beautiful It's notcolor
(96:43~97:48) Ikmatic So amazing Without a sound of regret, I pass through the light room in my cheeks Where should I step? Should I go to the left or the other way? Should I run without any worries?
(97:48~98:49) Should I throw away heavy stuff on my shoulder and run away? Should I run without any worries? Should I throw away heavy stuff on my shoulder and run away? Should I run without any worries? Yeah, I miss the song. I don't know how to read it. I just read the lyrics of the song. Sorry, I don't understand Korean, but I read the translation. I read the lyrics of the song. I read the lyrics of the song.
(98:49~99:57) I read the lyrics of the song. I think I'm in a bit of a bad mood. But I'll continue. That's it. I think this song sounds like a Japanese song or English song. I can understand it. I can only understand Korean. But I'll continue to explain the lyrics. That's it. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.
(99:57~100:57) I'm going to talk about a social issue. I have a special point of view. I found that there is a social issue website. It's a podcast program. It's about the idea of a barge. I want to recommend you to listen to the program. It's the same as what I thought. I want to talk about it. But I'll talk about it. Because I think that many people didn't notice what he said. Because my hate for people is too strong. A group of people found that he was... He was also thinking about the same thing. He was angry and scolded by others. I felt that I couldn't bear to do this. I think I've become a habit these years.
(100:57~101:58) I know that many people... They are the same as I thought. But I won't talk about it. I won't recommend others. It's not because I don't like people. I don't have any interaction with them. I think it's not a good thing to recommend. That's all. I'm just talking about a boring idea. Then... P.K.W. P.K.W. I don't care about the algorithm. That's right. I don't care about the algorithm. I always think that's the way it is. And the algorithm is something interesting. It's a lot of people change. They don't say to put it there and put it for half a year. I'm not sure if I can change it. I'm telling you. Many platforms change very quickly. I can change it. I don't think I should... I have a mentality. I don't care about the performance of the time. Because it takes too long to watch something.
(101:58~102:58) The time is like that. P.K.W. In the past, when I received P.K.W. I found out that there was a半-legged crab. I found out that there was a weird atmosphere on the table. I'm sorry to explain it. I don't know if you're a boy or a girl. But I think it's hard to be a girl. Because if I'm a girl, I'm weird. But I think boys are more weird. My parents might think that it's okay to collect a boy's picture. It's a little bit smaller. Then... If I need it... I'll open a live broadcast to help you. I'll complain. I'll ask your parents to explain it to me. Chen Boqi said that he's been signing a contract with me. Let's check the information. I'll check the information later. I'll send out 50 family members. There are 50 families. That's great. Then... I wish you good luck. Don't be there.
(102:58~103:58) Be careful. If you send out a text, I'll... Who? Lin Daifu. What? You can answer it. But where is he? I don't know. I don't want to be called by the name. Lin Daifu. Lin... Lin Daifu. How do I find this? Someone accidentally deleted it. Let me see how to do it. I just found out that there are some weird words in my community. There's a person who doesn't want to be a slave. I don't have the permission to enter this. Who is the person who has the permission to enter the city? Why do I have to enter the city? The user who hides the video... Is it here? How do I find the user? I found it. Take it. I should handle it. Okay. Let me see. I accidentally blocked the person who doesn't need to.
(103:58~104:59) I'll handle it. Do you think it's a kind of happiness to be beaten to death? If you're right, it's a kind of happiness to be beaten to death. Don't be a slave. I said that this is a relationship between you. Some relationships can be broken, some can't. Everyone needs to make sure. Maybe my wife can't do it. But my wife can. I saw the boss's live stream. I thought that only fans can sell water. I wanted to try selling water bottles. 600 bottles. I really think it's a bit gross. I think collecting water is not easy. Do you really have a lot of water? When I found out that I wanted to collect water, I threw it out. I found that there are some Japanese A-pens that don't use water to repair other people. They just spit it out and put it on their face. Then they all wet their face. How did I do that? How did I have so much water? I just squeezed out a little bit of water. Why is there so little water? Or is there a lack of water? I'm not sure.
(104:59~106:00) How much water should be normal? I think collecting water is quite difficult. U-Tai said that everyone, good evening, good evening, good evening. U-Tai said that evening, good evening, good evening. Then U-Tai said that he joined the 20th month of the 20th month. I was in the middle of the year. I heard that the Chinese A-pens were very happy and laughed at me. I was a bastard. You supported the construction of the A-pens. At the same time, I heard that you put all the different topics on the social media and focused on the V-sense. That's it. Pika Wanxiong, Paul Carbeer, said that the cute boss can help me with my favorite candy on the 22nd of the day. Happy birthday. I'm here with Pika Wanxiong to say this. Pika Wanxiong's favorite candy. Happy birthday. Then, Huang Guochang Liwei. This is from basebyes61. He said that Huang Guochang Liwei is not good at aerobics because he is a good aerobics. But he called for a debate, but he never made a debate. I think he is very boring.
(106:00~107:00) I can only say one thing. I think Huang Guochang is a very smart person. I admit that he is a very smart person. I'm not kidding. I don't know how to scold him. He is really smart. But the thing is, his personality and my observation is that he doesn't play the game without a winning score. He is actually doing it under the situation of having a chance. He has a lot of things to do. This is also a smart person's characteristic. After all, you have to win something. You have to win. Everyone wants to win. But sometimes, some people may be just a little bit of a fuss. I forgot. It's just that kind of a little bit of a mess. You just feel like whatever you want to do, you just do whatever you want to do. He is not like that. So if you want to debate with him today, I think he must be in a a place where he will definitely win. So he will definitely win. But he will definitely win. He has a high chance of winning. Because there is no certain thing in the world. But he will definitely win. He has a high chance of winning. Because he doesn't want to lose. No one wants to lose. The second thing is, he won the game. He lost. He won't lose. I think his calculation is more clear. But think about it. How could someone
(107:00~108:00) win a game like this? He will do it for his own good. He won't do it. So I think this is why it is hard to make him debate with others. I think he will never make a debate with others. But the way he is like that is quite profitable. Is there this way? It's hard, right? I will say that this is not the right idea. Because many people don't think like him that much. It's just because he is stupid. That's it. That's it. In this world, people will know that he is not profitable and willing to do that kind of silly things. It's very limited. That's it. I think it's like this. I will share this analysis with you. I think I should try not to criticize and do a non-faceless attack. I will say something very true. Stephen said Boss thank you for your company these years. Recently, there has been a feeling that the low tide is very good. I want to click a song Fantasy of a Broken Heart. All of Fantasy of a Broken Heart. The small ca...
(108:00~109:03) ca... ca... ca... ca... I don't know this song. I'm not sure if you have heard it. But let's look for it. I should find it. Wait for me. Da da da da da da da Fantasy of a Broken Heart. I found it. Let's play this song. I said it. I said it. Wow. The sound is so loud. Tharsis When will I reach you? In lieu of your love I'm drinking about you If destiny's claimed us Then why am I nauseous?
(109:03~110:03) A romance so famous The emoji is the word The word The word The word Thank you, Brother Zhu. Brother Zhu, why are you here? With yourself in a forehead Would you even care? An infinity of questions Are you still Thinking about Thinking about Putting the girl Makes you love No wonder
(110:03~111:09) I'm just here Not all women are as fair In Tharsis My brain is explosions Another exhale kills me Your breath is the ocean We'll meet at the turnstile I spoke in Tharsis I'm still eating I'm still eating I'm still eating I'm still eating I'm still eating I'm still eating I'm still eating I'm still eating No words Hope
(111:09~112:10) Hope Eddie Wang I hope you guys don't get mad. This thing is selling out. And then V said, tomorrow is my birthday. I'm going to say a birthday happy birthday to V. And then Zendolor said, Gwaji is busy with work today. I thought about it when I got home. I thought about it on Saturday. I want to ask Gwaji if he would come to Taiwan to participate in the lucky draw. I have a chance to say hello to you. Don't ask if you recognize me. I knew you would know that it was me. But I tell you, because this weekend I have to do something. So I can't help myself. I have to apologize to him. I have to apologize to the host. They actually have a request. So, SS79313 This is the big picture. AC Leaf said, Gwaji,
(112:10~113:10) I recommended Gwaji to you guys. I think it's great to have you guys. I saw it. But I didn't have a good time because I was busy with other things. Thank you for your introduction. But I saw it. Thank you. I forgot the account number. I guess it's me. I will go back and look for it later. I will say hello to you. AB said, Gwaji, I will not give you. I will do it. Okay. Don't make a scene. I think it's a big picture. What are you thinking? Don't say this. Don't look for it. Oh,
(113:10~114:11) here is great. I can't believe I can't see it. I can't believe I can't see it. I can't believe I can't see it. Why do you think darkness? Why do you think darkness? It's great to hear it. Don't look for it. It's not like this. For who likes dark bits? For who likes dark bits? It isn't dark. The Guys, You can laugh at it. Write it down, That's realised.
(114:11~115:16) I hope it will remain in you. Please my sister Soon nd nd nd 好啦我們跟小雄也說一聲 祝你離職快樂啦好不好 Eddy說台中南屯區代表上香
(115:16~116:10) when you see music, install it on your browser, buy a book and live no moreها welcome to theLING None of my regulars would make me have such a chill about learning... Good night everybody Yeah, boom, ba-ts, boom, ba-ts, boom, ba-ts, boom, ba-ts, boom, ba-ts, boom, ba-ts. La-wan-an.
