(00:00~01:02) Jim Campers Oh Fuck
(01:02~02:02) Oh Damn, I have something to take Oh
(02:02~03:03) Oh Oh Don't talk nonsense. Anyway, today's show is coming to an end. Today we're going to start. I'm so tired. I'm really out of breath. I don't need to prepare any sunglasses or anything. I'm still busy with my glasses. I can't film. I'll tell you what. I usually... Someone's asking. Don't say too much. I usually prepare a pen. I write the song name. I just couldn't find the pen.
(03:03~04:03) That's the pen. I can't write the song name. I'll read it to you. I hope you can be more patient. I think it's okay. It's not complicated. That's it. Today, I'll tell you a boring story. This is... I've heard that a professional producer in Zhejiang, who is a very competitive and responsible girl, named Q, we went to the S.M.A.C.E. filming before. I and Diwali Yicheng, we went to the mountains to film. It's the last episode. We were all abroad. We were in a hurry. But we still have to go back to Taiwan. We went to see the scenery. The last episode is the ending. We're going to see the beautiful scenery of Taiwan. I think it's a story that Taiwanese have heard. I've heard it too. But I've never been to a place like this. I think there are not many people who have been there. Because it's not easy to reach the place.
(04:03~05:04) It's 1500 meters above sea level. The mountains are very rocky. So it's not easy to get in. And there's a lot of scenery. But the scenery is beautiful. I recommend you to go there. I'll talk to him later. About something related to him. Then... What? I heard that I love you. I met someone who worked with you in Linsenbei the day before yesterday. Mark, hello. And... Anyway, where did I just mention? We're going to the smart cruise film. Usually, the producers of this film with us are actually not Q. But because Q is a little bit busy the other day. He's going to... Because he has a channel called Zhong Zitong. I don't know if I've talked about it. But he's going abroad. Anyway, he has some business to do. So he can't... He still has a channel. But the producers have to go up early to have a look.
(05:04~06:04) Maybe they have to look for some things related to the film. What can we do? Then we suddenly thought that maybe Q can help. And then Zizi contacted him. And he said, can you help me go up the mountain first? Q is really very suspicious. It has nothing to do with him. He said, OK, no problem, I'll go up the mountain. But Zizi was on the mountain on the first day of the first dance. So he said, he might go up the mountain in the morning. He's going to give up his personal age. I really think Q is really great. I actually... Because I don't care about details. I believe Zizi should have talked to him about money. How much can we take to do this? But I dare to bet that Q didn't take much money. So I think he must have been very, very, very, very, very, very busy. I can only say thank you. But the problem is that I know that after this, I feel a little too much. So I think he said, thank you for your help. The mountain is very cold. Because I went to the mountain to check the mountain. During the new year, it was probably about 3 to 5 degrees. Later, when we went there, it was already close to zero. Actually, it's colder than I thought. So at that time, I reminded him that he must remember that his clothes must be more. Are you a cold person? He said I was super cold. I said, what?
(06:04~07:05) You're super cold. Then why did you go? He said, I don't think he thought it was a problem. I just wanted to help a busy person. I asked him, do you usually do outdoor activities? He said, no. I said, wow, you can't do this. He said, outdoor activities are a standard穿搭. There may be a sun-dried hat inside. You can wear a hot-dress shirt. Then add a mid-range. Then he said, of course I have money. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I don't have money. I don't know. I didn't ask. Sorry. Then he said, the內衣, the hot-dress shirt, or the sun-dressed shirt, there is a mid-range outside. The mid-range is a warm-up shirt. But it's a coat of hair. Or it's a light rain. Then there is a wind-proof jacket. Or a go-tox. Anyway, the three-layered shirt is basically made of good quality. It can be worn in most cases. Then he said, I'll go to the outdoor store. So he went to the outdoor store the next day. He went to the outdoor store to shop. He really didn't buy anything.
(07:05~08:05) So he really looked at it. He looked at the outdoor store and looked at the things there. Then there was a elder sister. A elder sister. A elder sister. A elder sister. I don't know how old she is. Anyway, she said she was a little sister when she was a little sister. I guess maybe 55, 60 years old. She was a big sister. She saw a big sister. Suddenly she was very anxious to go to the outdoor store. It's not a shop. It's a passer-by. She might be here to shop at the outdoor store. She saw a little sister. She said, look at her. She said, where are you going? She said, I'm going to the market. Then the elder sister told her, I asked her, what pants are you going to wear? She said, I'm going to buy pants. Then she told her, the elder sister will go back to her. She said, she was just like this. She was very calm. She didn't mean it. She said, I said, I heard the story of Q's transfer. I laughed. Because I thought, the elder sister is so funny. She, she, she actually thinks she is completely good. She wants to tell her, you have to wear more. You have to wear warmer clothes. You can't wear anything. The climate on the mountain is hard to predict. It may be wet and cold.
(08:05~09:05) If you don't have enough equipment, you may die on the mountain. It's not that you die on the mountain. It's really painful. But you just, she just said, I'm going to pick up the paper. It seems like she's going to climb some Himalayan mountains. But she's talking about the very roughness of the stars. So, so, so Q was scared. She immediately just changed to, she just, she just bought it. It's a very, very good equipment. Then she went up the mountain. Fortunately, she didn't encounter any problems. Because actually, the mountain is really super cold. Then, there is this elder sister. This elder sister is a little like a fairy. After the professional help from the site, so, Q didn't die on the mountain. Here, I want to thank that elder sister. Alright, thank you, Q, for doing so many things for us. And this is also, thank you, thank you everyone. Yeah. Zhang Qun said he was going to spend money to buy expensive clothes. Right. I'm a little embarrassed. I really think there is a kind of, wow, really, everyone is very good to me. Actually, recently, a friend told me that, actually, what should I say? Do you know this afternoon, actually, I,
(09:05~10:05) I don't know what kind of article I sent. But, it's an irrelevant article. It's my personal article. It's called, The boring work. I remember, I sent a copy of the article. After I sent it, there was a comment saying, Hey, He Long loves you. I think, why did he say that? Because He Long, about two days ago, because he is now in the Chinese, that, the platform, the Chinese internet, and then, as the host of that platform, then one day, he invited me to the show, and then, I talked, and then, actually, I don't really know how that show looks like, it's just that he loves me. And then, there was someone who said, I'm a bit tired, and then, I said, actually, many people love you. And then, he meant, actually, he wanted to tell me, that, I have a lot of people around me, and then, a lot of people care about me, and care about me. He said, maybe, the audience, and then, the audience, and then, the people around me, or not, he just said, he's just a friend, some friends around him, and then, I was so moved.
(10:05~11:05) I felt so much better. Thank you all. And then, what did Kusoo say? Hello, Kusoo. I'd like to say hello to you, I hope you can get the blessing of the boss, the best boss, yes, tomorrow is Kusoo's day, I hope you have a happy birthday, and I hope you have a happy birthday. I just want to see your personality. That's all I have to say, because, if you don't have a love, I especially come to say this, maybe, it's going to be a bit of a fight, right? There's no need to. I personally don't have a lot of love, I usually have a love for the 24th, and I also have a lot of love for the 24th. Tomorrow, I might be eating a street-side dish, a meat-fried rice dish, or something like that. It's just one night. I guess, I don't know, I haven't decided yet, what I'm going to do tomorrow. But, in the past, actually, I would make a confession for the 24th, but you know, last week, because I completely forgot about this thing, I'm sorry. So, I didn't ask everyone to do it in advance, or I said, suddenly, I thought about it this week, so I felt like, I was going to miss it. So, here, I want to say
(11:05~12:05) an apology to everyone. I also want to thank Jim C. for saving the drinks for Gua Gua and Cai Ling. I remember, recently, as a child, you had to take care of yourself, and your family. And then, that's it. No matter if you have a Valentine's Day tomorrow, I wish everyone a happy birthday. I'm thinking about what kind of way to make it. For example, on March 14th, I'm going to make another one, okay? If you want to make another one, if you want to say goodbye, we'll do it again that day. Okay? Okay. Then, here, we'll... get ready. We'll send a song to everyone on Valentine's Day. Love ya. Love you. I'm here with Dolly, saying happy birthday. Love is my home. Would you say
(12:05~13:05) with your best fate and me are drawn in? I'll say my friend, kiss you like a monster. I ask, I love you, oh, wish you'd like to look me. You're the sweet, all-encompassing wings, and then I will say, I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. Don't be afraid. Yeah, I will say. I draw this ball, reminding finger. Let's put a name on each of your
(13:05~14:27) every single hands. Love days, quiet moment. Would you say with your best fate and me are drawn in? I'll say my friend, kiss you like a monster. You're like me, and I'm like you. What you're thinking right now, it's always the same as me. This one's always the same. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya.
(14:27~15:29) I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I love ya. I'm waiting for my live broadcast of this month's Matsumi's Gakua-Wan-An. I'm waiting for my live broadcast. I want to invite you. I will. I will. I will be there in February. Okay?
(15:29~16:29) Last week, I was just back from the Sima-Ku-Sh. Then, I invited him to forgive me. Unfortunately, I just released the song BPM. So, everyone thought of a different version of the song. But I'll explain it first. This is the reason why I prepared the next song. The next song is 90 BPM. This song should be 72 BPM. But I accidentally... I'm using DJ's software to play it. I accidentally pressed sync. So, it syncs to the next song's BPM. So, this is my bad. Sorry. Someone said, the speed is better. I'm telling you, you have to listen from the beginning. There won't be any feeling from the beginning. Okay? Then, Lin Ting Yu said, this is our love song. So, this song is really... Love. Love. So, it's a love song. Aaron just asked a question. He just asked another question. He said, have you ever been in contact with nature? Have you changed or experienced it? I almost said something. But it doesn't matter. Actually, I went to the North Pole last year because of some international travel experience. I went to a place in the cold.
(16:29~17:30) I thought I wouldn't like nature. I always thought I was a child. I've talked about it before. But then, I went to a place where I was really wild. I suddenly found that wildness is quite good. You'll find it hard to find it there. But the problem is, because the cold place will have a big view. When you see a big view, you'll suddenly feel like you're quite small. You'll feel very big. In that area, you'll feel that human power is useless. You'll be convinced that it's not just the place or the god. It's the power of nature. You'll feel that your troubles are not important. Of course, life is very hard. For example, you can't wash your hair or wash your hair. It's cold. There are some complications on your body. After you've suffered a lot, you'll be back to your original city life. You'll be back to your warm home. You'll feel very comfortable with your sofa. You'll have a cute little cat. Your wife. Your friends. You suddenly feel that everything is so comfortable. You don't forget that feeling of being wild. But because you're back to your most comfortable home,
(17:30~18:30) the moment of the difference between you and me, it makes you feel warm and grateful. And I feel grateful for all of this. I think no matter what you say, it's a wonderful experience. Or when you're back home, you'll feel more grateful for the happiness and joy. I think every one of these is a good thing. So I feel that this year, I want to spend more time outside the house. That's it. I've been in the house for a few days. I've been in the house for a few days. I went outside the house. I felt the nature. I didn't feel any troubles at all. There were some interesting things that happened. I'll share them with you later. I also like the place where the ice island is. I haven't been to the ice island. I've been lazy to go there before. It's because I'm a child of the city. I think everyone goes to see the big city. But you know, everyone knows that the ice island must be very difficult to eat. I always think that I'm a child of the city. I won't go there if there's no good food. Who cares about the big city? I don't care about it.
(18:30~19:32) But I feel a little bit now. The ice island is good. There's a chance to go there. Masumi mentioned that there's a typhoon in the sky. I believe that most of you have noticed the news. The starlight accident suddenly happened. It was a explosion. I saw a video and I found that there was a pile of windows. It was a blast. I think this time point is not to talk about political statements. I think the first time is to solve the problem quickly. Find the problem and find where the problem is. Then avoid this kind of situation to continue to happen. If you're still in the process of saving, don't go to the scene to fake or create trouble for everyone. I think that political statements are actually a bad habit. People also raised it. Because before, some political statements were liked when the sky was dark. Then they expressed the feeling of love and respect. Of course, this is quite funny. If you do a good job,
(19:32~20:36) you will become a kind of expectation. If something happens, the president or president doesn't come to the scene, do you have any problem? In fact, this is a very unreasonable and scientific idea. Whether it's the president or the president, the moment the sky was dark, did he need to go to the scene to help? No. How could he move fast? Or could he help people to breathe? He wouldn't. He went there. He was just a big team member. He had to let the people in the scene go to save him. It was just a matter of creating trouble. So I think that everyone should be open to the name. Don't keep thinking that political statements are not true. Because once you create this impression, the president will want to go to the scene and create more trouble. I think this is a very deep and deep question. The president shouldn't be playing dumb. Today, I have someone playing dumb. I won't talk about it. I have to discuss this issue today. I just want everyone to stop playing dumb. That's all. I hope this issue can be solved quickly.
(20:36~21:37) I think this week has a lot of interesting things to happen. I was just talking about the newspaper. I was talking about... It's not interesting. What should I talk about? Is it last week or this week? That... Xilan. Xilan has been on a video for almost two hours. I was talking about some problems in the development of Xilin. I think many people have watched this video. I think this is a live broadcast. I don't have to help you to promote it. It seems that it's a short time. It's worth two or three million. This number is very impressive. Many people may think that this year it's not good to only choose one video. If you only watch one video, it's this one. It's only been two months this year. It's not two months yet. But everyone has decided to say that it's very difficult to overcome this. I really think this video is really good. I feel more inside. The first thing I recommend is to watch this video. There are two points in this video. Let me have some thoughts. I don't want to discuss the content. I have two thoughts. The first one is not to follow the day.
(21:37~22:38) The power is still relatively large. Xilan is one. I think he is one. He wants to go out. He may have been off for a long time when he doesn't go out. He doesn't have the pressure to follow the day or give him a pressure like this. Most of the netizens or web creators will have the pressure to follow the day. There is a possibility that there are fewer people who are going to be punished. But when you are on the job on the day or on the day, you are really invincible. You will be more realistic. And then the production will be a more fun opportunity. If you want to do something really good, you have to spend time. Xilan's video takes at least one or two months. She collects and organizes the content and the content. She also makes the video. Of course, she has her own ability and she is also very important. But I think the work of the radar is more important. I saw a article today that said that
(22:38~23:38) there is a psychologist. She has discussed the problems of the psychological health. She is a foreign doctor. She is a middle-aged uncle. She has studied a lot on this topic. She said that she has received Xilan's letter. She asked for some questions. She later answered that she saw the video. Although it is a Chinese video, there is a copy of the English version. She was very surprised after watching it. She said that she has done this for her whole life. She always wants to convince everyone not to go to the psychological health courses. But she always thinks that the people who convince her are very limited. The psychological health courses are very influential. But she never thought that a netizen made a video like this. She suddenly watched it with a million views. It seems that the effort she made has already suppressed everything that she could do in her whole life. That's what she said. She is very considerate of the content she made. In fact, except for Xilan, she is very talented. I think that she can't bear to be lonely. She has to cook well and make a good dish. I think that this is really
(23:38~24:38) a thing that everyone can think about. This means that sometimes you don't want to make a video about it. Or you want to see some of the old cultural and fun things. There are still some other ways. I think this is my idea. Secondly, someone is asking why other people in Taiwan are making videos like commentaries. I may have already commented on some things. Why didn't you make a video like this? I saw that there was a person who mentioned her explanation. She said that there was a group of Taiwanese who were willing to share the food and they were all the same age. They could not be expected. So, even if she had this idea, she couldn't do it. I have to say that I think that I have the right to discuss this. I have seen many people who have watched the program or have seen the live stream. I really hate the new growth. I have said this many times. I don't want to talk about the new growth.
(24:38~25:38) I hate all the strange things. I don't believe in these things. I don't believe in these things. But why didn't I think about criticizing her? I don't know about this. I know. I have said this before. I have been told this a long time ago. Many people have been posted on my channel. Many people have been posted on the Internet. But I have a question. Why didn't anyone post me? Of course, I think about the most reasonable explanation. Everyone thinks that I look like a person who doesn't post me. So, everyone is talking about me. But I have heard a lot about this kind of fake news. But I have thought about it. Unless it is affected by people who are really familiar with me. And I have seen some really bad things. I have seen some really bad things. Otherwise, I might really feel that I should just give this question back. And don't tell it to anyone. So, when someone sees that it is because of the distant factors that everyone is asking about the two-dimensional things that we can't do, I think this answer is also possible. So, I think I haven't
(25:38~26:38) solved this yet. I think I will think about it. In fact, I am just saying that I am a good person or a right person. I will think about it again. But this is what I saw this afternoon. When I was discussing this, I was thinking whether I was also having a problem. I am really a little a little sad. SS79313 said it seems like no one is looking for you to go to the hotel. Yes, it is really weird. I don't know why. I grew up and no one is taking my classes. There is nothing bad that you are taking me to do. So, I really don't understand. I have been in politics for four years. I have heard a lot of gossip, and trash money, and entertainment, and so on. I have never met anyone like this. Never. It is so weird. Thank you for the five-pronged members of the Feng Chui Egg Heal. Thank you. Thank you. That's it. This is my inner thought. And then I finally talk about a boring thing.
(26:38~27:39) This boring thing is this week, I originally wanted to go to dinner during the lunch break. I wanted to go to eat Xiang Man Yuan. Xiang Man Yuan is a famous pork rice in the big area. It is about a 50-60-year history. It is eaten by locals. It is just these few years. Because it may be the Internet, the media, some of the propaganda, so many people know it. So I often lined up. I was thinking about eating pork rice. It is not far from our company. It is about 1-2 kilometers away. So I decided to walk there and eat Xiang Man Yuan. I haven't eaten for a long time. I wanted to walk there. I walked there. It is a long-term long-term lunch. So I thought I shouldn't eat this. What should I eat? I will look at the map. I found a different place. There is another double-edged pork rice. I ate it when I was young. I don't think it is bad for him. But it is a long time. It is probably when I was in high school or college. So it has been about maybe more than 20 years, or even more than 30 years. I didn't eat it. It is a restaurant with a good teacher. But I can't remember it. These years, there are not many media or online food bloggers.
(27:39~28:40) Or food YouTubers. I just thought it was good when I was young. So I decided to walk there. It has a small line. It sounds good. But it is not exaggerated. So I lined up. I walked there and ate. I didn't eat for a long time. I forgot the style. Many people know that there are many styles. Like the Tainan style. The fat meat. If you have a dog, the hand-cut pork. It is so weird. A dog has the same effect as the Tainan style. The hand-cut fat meat. But if you eat a dog, you will find that it is a lean meat. It is called meat-making. It is called meat-making. Tainan is fat meat. A dog is lean meat. It is so weird. But these years, because the Tainan style of meat-making is really influential. So I think the Tainan style of the Tainan style is the most popular in Taiwan. Maybe there are some sweet and salty. Some sweet and salty. Maybe the route is different. But the basic of the Tainan style is similar. The different styles. But the taste is different. Maybe the taste is different. But it looks similar.
(28:40~29:41) I think it is the Tainan style. The meat-making style of the Tainan style is the same as the Tainan style. After I ordered the Tainan style, I ate it. I was so shocked. I remember it for 30 years. Suddenly, I felt my heart beating. This is the Taipei pork rice. Fucking Taipei pork rice. You know. Many South Koreans come to Taipei to laugh at the people in Taipei saying that Taipei doesn't have any good food. Taipei pork rice is so hot. And the weather is bad. The weather is bad. Actually, because of the July-September date, so maybe we have to go somewhere else to eat. No matter. But in general, Taipei people accept such a laugh for a long time. Everyone is laughing at the people in Taipei saying that Taipei is so hard to eat. And in the past 30 years, many old Taipei pork rice that I used to eat in my childhood were actually gone or changed. But this change is slow. So I didn't notice it. Everyone has become the Tainan style.
(29:41~30:41) Some may be the style. For example, the style of the 60-year-old Xiaoman Yuan. But you know, it's not like the concept of the Tainan style. It's not that these creatures are evolved. They are changed in the process of evolution. But the Tainan style is the same. Some styles will stay. Some styles will disappear. The traditional Taipei pork rice disappeared. You know? I completely forgot about this. Do you know where the difference between Taipei pork rice and the outside pork rice? I just said the Tainan style is the hand-cutting, the hand-cutting of fat, the hand-cutting of tall, the hand-cutting of thin meat. What is Taipei? It's the leg meat. Taipei is the leg meat. If I told you this to the South, they would say it's not fat. They would give me a leg meat. What is the leg meat? I told you when I was young, Taipei's mainstream was like this. I remember the number of three is the same. But I haven't had the number for a long time. When I was learning the sword, there was a sword. I was almost classed. I didn't go home and I was just eating there.
(30:41~31:41) I ordered a bowl of meat soup and a bowl of pork rice. It was made of meat. It was that one. It was made of leg meat. It's the taste of Taipei. My mom used to cook it at home. It was the same. It's the feeling. But you know what? I was eating there. I was full of memories. But I found this is a memory of Taipei people. Because we know the thing that's taken out is not only for others, but for kids. They would say what's this bad thing? It's really hard to eat Taipei's food. Can they eat it? They might just look at the picture and say you know what? It's the thing I loved the most when I was little. I actually found this memory of myself in the past. I forgot that I used to like this Taipei style of pork rice. I would tell others that I like fat meat. I would go to the beach and eat the Yushan family. I've forgotten the pride of Taipei people. I'm so sad. I think I've been trying to
(31:41~32:41) seriously study this topic. Taipei's style of pork rice. I don't know if I want to make a video or write a article or something like that. I'm not sure what I'm going to do. But I think I want to dig into the memory of myself. I want to thank Shuang Tien, Luofan, and the fans who helped me wake up. I remember that we have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family. We have our own family.
(32:41~33:41) We have our own family. We have our own family. And that's what can't win, you know. That's what I do. That's what I do. And as sweet as it seems, like honey, suck, go to me. Just maybe you know it ain't enough. I feel like I'm new to say you'll see. Maybe we both can be the love. Yeah, like I'm a lot to you. So honey, if you ask. Yeah. Oh, I don't know. I don't need a rich business card. Send a money. You know you know what I need. Just to explain. If you want to extra. Every way. I can't help the thing at all. One little life I got to tell my time. Every way. Every night I feel. I'm getting close. I'm getting close. I'm getting close. I'm getting close. I'm getting close. I'm getting close. I'm getting close.
(33:41~34:43) I'm getting close. I'm getting closer to the source. You see, you know how it is. Oh, do you need me? It's nothing that matters more to me. It's if I can satiate your need. Yeah. Just let me do what you do and do what you do. Baby, now. Oh. Oh. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh. Well, 20 years, When I was strong. Oh, don't you know I'm a woman with this kind of love?
(34:43~35:43) You said in my wake you know you know I don't need you to explain If you're anxious or reactions Cause I'm on my own when you're on my own So let me get inside I'm on my own when you're on my own And I don't mind when you're on my own Let me get inside, baby, baby Woo Let me get inside Yeah You don't need me to explain you do do do Woo Let me get inside, baby, baby Woo Let me get inside, baby Yes, yes, yes Honey if you are extra Yeah I really love pork rice And then Pork rice is great
(35:43~36:44) No matter what Actually, I think No matter where I like the good food in Kaohsiung, Tainan, Taipei But I haven't had the Taipei style for a long time It's really a kind of I betrayed my sense of unity So I think I want to re-think The journey of the rice I think so Okay, that's it Peiwei said he's a garlic rice I'm afraid of the smell of the smell So if I see a dish called garlic rice I'll jump over it And then Ah Xiong said I recommend Kaohsiung's small coffee Small coffee? Small coffee is that? Is that an old grandma The one that's in the capital? That's the one you can order If it's that one, I've been there And then I went in the summer It's just that it's cold I don't know if it's fixed Damn, it's cold in summer It's not fixed There's no other choice I'll order iced coffee first Because it's going to die Okay, Feng Cui, Ji Tuan Taiwan's pork rice is great And then Wei Wuxuan The obedient pork rice likes fat or thin
(36:44~37:44) Like fried red onions, fried garlic, fried scallions Or soy sauce Or sugar juice I'll say first Because in the past few years I've been influenced by the Taiwan election So I like fat And then sugar-based sauce But the problem is that I I'm just saying But because I ate it I suddenly ate that The taste of the Taiwan cup I used to eat I found that the taste of the Taiwan cup Because I haven't eaten it for too long I found that I forgot I actually liked it very much So I decided to come to a trip So maybe in a month We'll discuss this question again Okay, that's it Little tea coffee It should be that, right? Then this Mark Ling He said he supports Guaji I'll mention Guaji and Miura Wow, do you know Are we all from the same game company? I hope I can have a chance to invite everyone Guaji, cheers Okay, okay Everyone is happy, okay Miura should not be drinking Unless he changes But I remember he won't drink Violet said she didn't like to eat pork rice since he was a kid My mom left for many years The boss did mention it When I was a kid It was really good to eat pork rice No matter where the tea is It's the most popular at home Yes, my mom used to eat She used to eat the kind of big pot You know, the kind of round one
(37:44~38:44) The kind of She would get a big pot She could eat a lot of dishes When I was a kid I was too in love with it I often ate three bowls of rice I would just cut it like this I really loved eating when I was a kid I don't know what my mom would do I should go back and ask Okay, that's it Then this pH 9.5 VASO red Pork rice No.1 This name is so new It's written in English But it's still It's still that That's Thai Okay By the way There's another famous thing about Bear It's called pork rice But I've always Because of who we used to be We used to be an assistant It's called Zheng Junhong He's working in the fire music Zheng Junhong He went to buy He said he thought Bear was the best He ate the best pork rice I ate a bite It was really I didn't say I couldn't eat I'm not saying it's not good But I have a kind of
(38:44~39:44) This is a great thing Okay, don't waste time Okay I'm sharing with you A feeling I've been feeling Netflix During the Spring Festival He went to a Chinese movie It's called Feng Shun Bang Ju Chao Ge Feng Yun Actually, I didn't really know His information But I looked it up I looked it up and I knew It's been 23 years Chinese movies have been on But it seems that last year Or last year He went to his second movie The second movie I haven't seen yet I don't know Or maybe there's another place I don't know But I know it's not It's not on Netflix But I first saw Feng Shun Bang Ju Chao Ge Feng Yun Actually, I I just saw some of the Previews I'm a little curious Then I just click it After I saw it Actually, I I'll talk about my conclusion first I don't think it's a good movie Because there are some things I think it's too stupid Like for example The first time he started
(39:44~40:44) That That That wall-to-wall public defense war I think it's super unparalleled Then Although this is a fantasy movie The movie is the entertainment effect As the main So if I talk about some What should the war on history How to fight this thing Actually, it's It's a thing It doesn't seem to need to talk about it But I still think From Just logic I think he's doing something really good Then There's a part of it Actually, it's going to the sky I think that art Excessive It's shining Then I used a bunch of that The dragon Then the effect of the light Then create that kind of The feeling of the sky But in fact, I think it's unparalleled So I think he has a lot of points I want to throw up I don't like it But is there a good place Actually, there is For example, I think it's a play I don't think it's the kind of beauty I like But you said I think he's acting pretty good The fox is acting very well But what's the most important thing You know
(40:44~41:45) This movie gives me a strong feeling I suddenly found out that I really like the wind castle I used to watch the wind castle Zhang Hui's novel And I have at least three more I loved the novel Do you know that the wind castle Is a story of a wolf He's talking about Anyway, it's in that war In the age of war Then there's a person He's going to bring the wind castle All of these There are super-powerful people Give it to give it to him The wind seal is on that That wind castle This name tag Then it's going to destroy you All kinds of disasters in the world In fact, this concept is very similar to that I can't say it's very similar It should be said that it's his Because he's the earliest If you look at the afternoon Someone is talking There's a little bit of that feeling But good But he Every one of them A fairy or someone with super-powerful He must have a magic For example, like a seal The seal is a sky-high seal Everyone except magic There must be a chess And then this This is to say Everyone's This use of combat ability Is to come from his magic
(41:45~42:46) With his chess Don't you think This setting itself is super exciting At that time I saw his propaganda It's called this is the magic ring of China In fact, I think this is a completely No unreasonable thing In fact, the seal I think when I was a child How to say Change the alliance There is a very important position on the road I'm not looking at the magic ring first I'm looking at the seal This is like what I just said That what Taipei's rouleau version But then we look at A lot of western chess So I've been looking at some of the Chinese, Chinese or Eastern chess In the brain We don't have that It suddenly loses its impression But I saw this piece I saw it I actually had a lot of complaints Because I think a lot of things Didn't shoot well But I think he didn't shoot well It's because I really like The seal I think the original of the seal Really super good looking I really love him One brush, two brush, three brush So when I see someone Want to re-enact this thing But the whole thing is not as I said When I think of the ideal I'll be full of complaints But it's possible that this piece Actually not so bad
(42:46~43:47) The simple thing is that I love the seal I felt at that time I don't have a way With a flat angle Give this piece a very high evaluation But this piece Re-enacted me I really like the seal This thing So I think for me In the past week In the past two weeks It seems to have a lot Already seems to die Then again Re-emerge Then remind me This thing For you Really important Wow, that feeling Really exciting For an old man Like this Then Yes, you see someone said It's not like The seal plan I know it's to change people But I want to talk about one thing Like the seal is cool enough I want to talk about The seal of the seal He actually
(43:47~44:48) He and the original Actually there is a change But I don't think he can't change The seal If it is set according to the original If it is set according to the original It should not be this state Yes, the storyline of the story It's a bit different It should be with It should be fighting in the end Yes, that's it Then I remember to look at that What Forget it, I don't want to talk about the plot Anyway, you can go to the frame Actually, I still think Anyway, it's boring to look at You want to like the story of the story If you don't rehearse the Chinese style I think it's really okay to look at Okay, that's it That's it That's the inner feeling I think there is actually another thing In fact, there is another thing Another thing is that From the Spring Festival It seems to start with what Diis Then what The King of the Mirror Then Then again Then many people Are divided into The battle between the seal circle Many people feel a little bit of a little excitement I think it's great The seal circle has been Haven't had this kind of beef for a long time Really in the fight for beef So everyone is looking forward to
(44:48~45:48) Everyone takes out some good works I think in addition to saying that everyone wants to see Although there are people who are watching Only watching the heat But I think there are also people who are You know, I hope everyone through this Beef battle Can take out some good dishes Because after all, the seal Is to express your own A real attitude of the person So everyone is talking about real If you want to talk about real Of course, you look who is not cool You think he's wrong He's wrong Then he's wrong I have to How to use work to make him This is the most basic spirit So everyone is looking forward to this You can do it But I think this week Is still today Yesterday, yesterday, yesterday There should be another Seahawks singer It's called Yang Shuyah He sent another step Then go back to all these things I think this process is actually Yang Shuyah's work I think it's quite interesting I think it's good to listen I just keep on If I'm here If I'm just singing Seahawks I may not have put it I personally think it's a good place Or a place that I particularly like But I think it's in this wave
(45:48~48:53) Because of the meaning This Seahawks This This battle This style I think it's a very important A case of Li Chenbei Ok Ok, let's listen to this song Every one of you will be happy
(48:53~49:53) Ok, this thing I think it's interesting In fact Someone just said This song is not about meaning It has nothing to do with meaning But it's true That's not wrong But the starting point is Because the meaning is first Seahawks Seahawks used to be a king Then it was a song called Disback But when Disback When Disback He may have said some No, it's not possible He is actually in the lyrics Like a lot of Seahawks Or This is a bit difficult to explain That is to say They will actually say some I want to Sorry Because I suddenly forgot In the original word How to take a few words It's a bit like saying I want to copy your girlfriend Then what Then get your family So he used some Some ways of fixing the letter Then fix the other But this is probably Seahawks Some of these In the aggressive lyrics Actually it's easy to appear Because when he looked at it I thought it was cool I was looking at it at the time I actually just looked at it I thought it was good He said it back Then he said it was super fierce Then I thought it was cool But he had this feeling But at that time Actually, Seahawks Seahawks is actually a female singer He actually He mentioned his criticism
(49:53~50:53) He didn't mean it He simply thought Why is it that He must write Just write some If you want to fix women He doesn't think He personally doesn't agree Then at this time Some people started to appear I think What are you talking about Seahawks You talk about this Then he actually thinks Seahawks Just want real Then Then he said these words It doesn't necessarily mean He actually may want to fix women These words are actually just right It happened to the incident today Actually matched each other It should be yesterday Yesterday Ah The male Sun Sun The male And then Because he was not previously I'm telling you He was a girl Then he took a video Reply Not to say reply Reply The whole incident Then he had a line in it Reply Reply Reply Reply He said He did hit the girl But I've never thought Really sexual harassment You see this word You will definitely have a sense of silence Because actually I really know this person I've seen him before Actually, I know he is a Actually
(50:53~51:53) It's actually quite serious Even a little cute But His words are completely wrong Because why Because sexual harassment This thing Originally his definition It's not Since you think Do you do sexual harassment It's from the person Who was beaten by you If he thinks your behavior Really not enough Not enough polite Then it's a kind of criminal And you really criminalize his body These two facts If you have all the results In fact, this thing is done Do you think you are sexual harassment Actually not a forced relationship Although he may have a reference value Because your starting point Why do you do this It's really a Considerable factor But it's really But it's not the most important thing To consider And indeed I think in this matter When White mentioned this Other people need to explain I think they don't have And it's not And it's not going to get you Why do you have to be like this So at that time Indeed you will have At this time You will think that This quarrel suddenly entered A little ugly A situation At that time In fact, Yang Shuyang He also entered In such a process of sexual harassment So later he put All those
(51:53~52:54) Slamming Or netizen Then Some of his Maybe attack and scold He directly Just one single picture Then put it on That His song just now On the video Then And then He used his lyrics To make a song I think in fact I think for me The important thing It's not about who speaks more For example, Yang Shuyang speaks more Or say There is no problem, actually I think this is not the point I just said I think Xi Ha has a very important One spirit Is to say You have to keep yourself Real attitude Then Say what you want to say And then Stand up for your own position But I think Yang Shuyang In this matter Actually makes it pretty but I think Taiwan is more serious. Because you may have some famous Coddy Bs in the US. But Taiwan may have had a couple of people who were quite popular. But in the past few years, if we look at the market sales or the volume of the light, actually a female singer
(52:54~53:54) who has been in the entertainment industry for a long time has not seen it. You have to interpret this thing as if this circle is not good for women. Or that women are not good at this part. I think this is a very complicated question. I will not discuss it here. But in this situation, under this very difficult environment, Yang Shuyang stands out for his own position, for his own gender, for the point of power, he proposed his views. He said it very real. He is a good singer. He is a good singer. He is a good singer. And he is using a song. I think this is worth a big respect. You don't have to care about other things. I think he has a reason to speak bad things. I think it's not necessary to attack him. But because of bad things, I think there is a very pitiful place. He wrote a piece of text. He wrote a piece of text. I think today... You will think this thing, because everyone is obviously in this disbanded process, everyone is using my creation to attack all my attacks. It should have been this situation.
(53:54~54:54) But when he only wrote a piece of text, it really seemed like it wasn't enough. But today, Yang Su-ya, he used a song to express his feelings. I think this thing is really cool. And no matter... I just saw some netizens say, I think this song is okay. Or I don't think he is right. I think it's not important. The important thing is that he stands out and uses a very good work. And then he speaks out his words. I think if you can accept his views, even his influence, I think it's very nice. It's a very good thing. Okay, that's about it. I think Yang Su-ya, I also watched his work for a very long time. When Hwang Kang-sang came out, I actually listened to his work. And then... I think this song is great. But I think the whole song as a Western rock, I don't really like it. But I don't think I am a Western rock artist. So I don't make any comments here. I just think personally, because listening to music, everyone has their own preferences. I think the lyrics are very interesting. Because he actually mentioned the gender, the history, the national identity, and many, many problems.
(54:54~55:55) And then I think the lyrics are really very good. But I think music itself is in my heart, it's just a normal version. It's not particularly good. But the lyrics are worth watching. But then he was talking about what is the song called? I suddenly forgot his name. What is the song called? What is the song called? Is it a song about the song? Yes, a song about the song that is a song about the song. When I was listening to this song, I had a strong feeling. I still remember that time, I was taking... I was taking the tour of Huan Yu. And then I talked to Dila about I had a feeling that in this song, I saw him completely mature. I think when he was in front of me, I still thought I didn't like his song. But here, I think he has matured more. It's a pity that I think Yang Shuyang 's song release rate is not very high. So I think everyone knows him quite well. I remember that song that was performed in the Chinese New Year. I watched it for about 2-3 million views. I hope I can take Yang Shuyang's side.
(55:55~56:55) Next, I will sing this song. This song is called The Wanderer. And then I will be recognized by more people. And then I will make better songs. And then I will be a female rock singer. And then I will be a rock singer in Asia, Huan Yu, or even the whole world. I will be able to stand together. Because after all, I think Taiwan has really been a very good rock singer. Alright, that's it. I think this week I saw this thing I think it's a kind of excitement. I think it's really great. Alright, that's it. I think that's it. Otherwise, let's listen to Yang Shuyang sing a song with a million views. Let me tell you first. What does this mean? I don't know. I don't know. I just share my thoughts. So I don't think there's anything to attack him. But I just think he has thoughts. I think that I'm not saying that he's not good. Do you know what I mean? I mean, I think in this episode, everyone is dissing him. He actually wants to say that he thinks others can't do this. This thing is so bad.
(56:55~58:13) If he can make a song to express it, it's actually pretty cool. Right? You will think he's really cool. It's a pity that he didn't do this. But I still think that the criticism of him is a big deal. So I think that there's no meaning between us. There's no different place. Alright, let's listen to 10,000 views. I think I personally like this song. I like this song.
(58:13~59:13) I like this song. I like this song.
(59:13~60:13) I like this song. I like this song.
(60:13~61:39) I like this song. I like this song. I like this song. I like this song. I like this song. Let's never forget
(61:39~62:41) I used to be a little angry when I saw the CCP's people going to the border I don't know anymore, I know that it was crazy before But I want to talk about my true identity But I think the gender issue is a little different from the political issue It has a more complicated place Because when we are single, we think you believe in the right place and you believe in the wrong place But I think the gender issue is not like this Because the gender issue is actually involved Because when we talk about politics, we don't know what rights or history are Or the structure of the social structure is not equal But the gender issue has a special situation So I think the way he handles it is a little different When I was in college, I attended the Women's Association of Education I have read a lot of books about the gender issue And what you just talked about, what kind of travel, what kind of resistance I have been to many places And I also have a lot of friends in gender and issues So I also think that I am their female friend Even before, I used to think that I am a very female group I can be called a female group I am more male, but I can
(62:41~63:42) Because I think I am even more female than 95% I need to understand this more You are so mean, you are calling the ugly woman to shut up Wait, let me finish Shut up, ugly woman And then, ugly woman shut up I will explain this later But actually, I have recently, in the past two or three years I have a new idea I found something that I am not very likely to be a real female group Why? This is from my early years The environment I grew up in The roots of my roots I actually can't really think about a lot of problems in a female group I am just a male I am a male That ugly male I can't wash my body clean For example I saw a girl And then her face was very pitiful I think she is a weak person I think I should help her I tell you, this thing, it sounds wrong It's actually a spirit, isn't it? But this thing itself is poisonous If you look at it from a lot of sexual theory This kind of poisonous theory This kind of poisonous idea will never disappear from my body I can read a lot of books And discuss with a lot of people
(63:42~64:42) I read a lot of movies related to sexual relations So I may have some great social learning methods And then I can think of a way to pretend to be a person that seems to respect women But actually, I am not I am a male I am a male I am a male I am a male I am a male I am a male I am a male I can't really see this world I can't really become a female organizer I can't do this So I can only do one thing I am a female organizer's friend I work very hard to understand them And then stand in a friendly attitude To understand all their opinions If they can be my friend That's the best If you can't, there's no way Because after all, everyone's standards of交 friends are different There's a little bit of difference For example, the place where the difference is different from the place where the chicken is growing I grew up with a chicken There are people who can't You can't, there's no way A person who doesn't want to be your friend You have to say, why can't I be your friend? Does this make sense? Right?
(64:42~65:43) It doesn't make sense So I think this is I want to give Alan a reply You don't have to feel disappointed about this Because it's very likely that your situation I'm not saying that you will Or you are already a new person in another generation Your mother is already a person who can proud of me I am a female organizer You may be I can't I know I can't I am stubborn I just feel that Ah, women are so pitiful I need your help I don't care what I will have this idea I pretend that the smell will come out That's right But I know I can fully know that this is wrong Okay, that's it Just Just talking about this Share my personal opinion I hope this can solve Alan's inner confusion I don't know if there is Or not Or you are thinking about What are you talking about? I don't know Wait Why did I suddenly get the account number? It's a copy Why do you always have such a stupid thing when you are half of the work? Something went wrong Look at my message It's missing Copy
(65:43~66:43) I'm going to kill you I can't see the audience's message now How can I say Okay I'm thinking of a way to solve it Okay I'm going to talk about A small complain that has happened recently That is to say During my previous summer festival Because I was in a good mood then So I opened my mouth Many people I talked about the director And then Wang Guo Chang I also talked about Wu Chun Cheng I talked about many people I think there is a very boring person He posted a video Most of the time he said I was jealous of Wang Guo Chang So he would scold Wang Guo Chang so much I thought Is there a possibility Have you ever thought about Maybe I'm not jealous of him I just think he's wrong If I think one person is wrong I will also scold him, right? But if you don't believe You don't think I think he's wrong You're starting to deny this possibility Of course, there will be some strange directions to explain I have a feeling that I really can't stand it But it's okay Whatever you want to say I said it too I've already given up on persuading some people People who can't be persuaded Just let you go and say it But actually Something that happened to me Something that I'm not good at This thing has nothing to do with persuasion
(66:43~67:43) I actually sent a piece I'm talking about Wu Chun Cheng Then I read this article I sent a article at that time If you look at it I'll talk about one first Many of my live broadcasts You know my principle I definitely don't delete articles I don't delete articles You know Even if I wrote something wrong Then I apologize later Because I think What does delete articles mean? I want to cover the destruction of the destruction I want to cover the traces of my mistakes Let everyone find the evidence In fact, I don't think there is a way to destroy the destruction on the Internet There is no way to cover the facts of your own mistakes So I don't think I delete articles The things I don't delete are a kind of responsibility attitude For me But I lost a piece of article The article here is like this He was taken by Facebook I was just talking about the Trump era A bunch of dirty people The old version of the Kuang Tien democratic party Or the past version of the original version If the Trump era This bird is really innocent There should be many changes But the fact is I am willing to support the democratic party It's because I Not because he is a It's not because he is a youth party Of course I know There are a few big things like Liang Zhu I've already been in trouble
(67:43~68:44) But there is no way I believe he is the only one Can give his life to him Give Taiwan's life to his party But why do you choose to support Lan Bai? Isn't it just to Isn't it just to protect Taiwan Isn't it just to clear up corruption? Because I tell you I can accept one thing It's just that everyone I think the political issue The priority arrangement is different Some people think that The safety of Taiwan is the priority OK, this is a kind of choice Some people think that The reputation of Taiwan The priority of the reputation of Taiwan I think it's OK I think that In fact, a lot of people who support Lan Bai There is often a point of view Don't keep talking about The anti-China security They think that Taiwan is not the first row I think this is OK They think the issue of reputation is the most important So under this premise I think I'm asking you a question now These Lan Bai supporters Why do you support Lan Bai? I know you are not to protect Taiwan But it's just to clear up corruption? Do you think the issue of reputation is important? You think the People's Party is all about corruption But the result is that today You don't rely on the backup You will only help him find excuses
(68:44~69:45) Say, what about the People's Party? How about the People's Party? Then it means that you have started to support Lan Bai There is no reason You have not put Taiwan's security In the first place As a result, people are corrupt You don't think it's a It's a problem that needs to be solved What do you care about? You just Do you just See the People's Party is not going well? This is not a good reason So I wrote a sentence in this article I'm waiting to see You I only support Lan Bai supporters Is it going to give Wu Chun Cheng a cup of wine Or a white wine? Actually, I think I wrote it wrong It should be white wine Anyway, it's the kind of public hearing I want to give a palace girl I want to give a queen's death I just give her a cup of wine Then a cup of white wine Then see if she wants to get up or drink Then kill yourself I said I think you are going to give Wu Chun Cheng a cup of wine Or a white wine It's time to calm down Then I wrote this paragraph Facebook gave it to the three of you What is the reason?
(69:45~70:45) Kindness, violence and encouragement I did mention the suicide thing But I think this is a literary description I don't really want I think it's just normal for Chinese people I don't want Wu Chun Cheng to commit suicide I'm talking about political I'm also I'm telling these Lan Bai supporters You are going to give her a cup of wine Or a cup of white wine This thing is obviously not The meaning of calling her really suicide Everyone can understand this Then I'm three times the number But they said And the public hearing still thinks No, you can't This is encouragement That is, they think I'm going to call Wu Chun Cheng to die I have nothing to say I can only say Okay, then take me as such a bad person But because I can't survive So it's a pity That's my personal account on Facebook Now I'm crazy Everyone may find that I've been posting Threats' frequency has increased What is the reason? Because my Facebook is not very good now I'm really bad Then I originally added a What is the mother The group of the group of the killer I can't speak in the group now I'm really angry
(70:45~71:45) She's going to make a mistake Wu Chun Cheng Then I see That's it I'm now I'm now being led Share this with everyone But I'm also here to digest These Lan Bai supporters I tell you one thing Do you know what the biggest difference With me in Wu Chun Cheng? Because I found a lot of people This Talking about Wu Chun Cheng Will immediately say Ah, Guaji didn't take 6 million Hold the standard Not clear But in the end he said What's wrong with 6 million I tell you There is a biggest difference with me Let's not talk about anything else Just talk about one difference Actually, there is a big difference with me There is a difference called North Taiwan's prosecutor Has officially investigated What does it mean They have already treated it It may have a crime I'm investigating it now I just ask Is the prosecutor investigating Qiu Wei Jie? No You know how big the gap between us Then you have to say Because Taiwan is a legal doctor Will not deal with this People's Party Chen Yijun Taipei's lawyer Because he violated
(71:45~72:45) The legal assistant fee Has been arrested Not because you have the People's Party And I haven't been the People's Party Not because you have the People's Party You can avoid the sanctions of the judicial system Okay In other words The judicial system in Taiwan Not as useless as you think The wrong thing is that it will be arrested And do Qiu Wei Jie No one is going to do it now Because his mother Is no problem So I'm not going to be with Wuchun Chen Don't put Wuchun Chen with me anymore I'm going to be with him for a long time He is a criminal And this criminal I can tell you The People's Party Now I can't help him He's cheating on others He went to the Yellow light today Go to this This this The National Party Just be washed by the yellow light Don't mention Huang Zhixian Just scold him I tell you Huang Zhixian is not a bad guy I once shared my love with the live broadcast He is smart Obviously, he is a People's Party But his mind is not broken Just like this The normal person in his mind Wuchun Chen Super垃圾
(72:45~73:47) Okay Don't compare this with me I'm really different from him At least the prosecutor didn't follow my butt So I suggest Wuchun Chen This poison wine Bai Ling Which one do you want to choose You want to choose another type Our political life It's over Don't do it anymore With his fingers Singing my life with his birds Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly With his song telling my whole life With his words killing me softly With his song Yeah This is why I clap
(73:47~74:51) Refugee can't prize well This little bass sitting up here on the bass While I'm on this road I got my girl L One time One time Hey yo L You know you got the lyrics Do do do do I heard he sang a good song I heard he had a style And so I came to see him And listen for a while And there he was This young boy Strangely to my eyes Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song
(74:51~75:53) Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song I felt all flushed with fever In the mirrors by the crowd I felt he found my letters And read each one out now I prayed that he would finish But he just kept right on Strunging my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words
(75:53~76:55) Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song Your help was helpful Take you to the brim My life
(76:55~78:07) Strunging my pain with his fingers Yes, he was singing my life with his words Killing me softly with his song Killing me softly with his song Telling my whole life with his words Killing me softly with his song Strunging my pain with his fingers Yes, he was singing my life with his fingers Telling my whole life with his words My man, little bass, yeah, we went time This is how we are Yeah, this song Killing me softly with his song
(78:07~79:07) This is how we are Don't be so harsh I dare to give you a ticket He must be so sorry to talk to you I don't know if he's gonna tell you But he's gonna say Why is he still not leaving He must be so harsh I told him not to be so harsh He's still trying to make it Now, everyone can't get off the stage That's it I'll share it with you And then I... Yes, Joker said that you are a middle-aged man Yes, you are a middle-aged man It's almost time to get off And then I went to the mysterious place The place where I didn't get my phone I don't know if he got his phone It's a website It's an auto-car
(79:07~80:07) He saw me taking something related to the recording So he sent me a ticket It's not a name It's not a name on the map It's a place with no name It's just a ticket He said you can go there This is my location So I started driving I wanted to experience the mysterious place I thought it was a little time I drove there I didn't notice anything on the way I drove to about 1.3 minutes The signal was gone I was in the deep forest I was talking about how deep it was I saw a three-shot shot on the road I saw you laughing on the road The three-shot shot You know, the one that's called A-A It's called A-A He's going to turn on the live stream Remember my chair That one You know, that three-shot You're so mean
(80:07~81:07) That three-shot I saw it on the road I didn't laugh I thought it was actually a new Northeastern city New Northeastern city is in Jiaojuan There's a place like that You can see the three-shot shot Really I'm not joking I'm not kidding Really Then Then Then Then because I I found the road was a bit weird I think I was on the wrong road I thought And the navigation It started to appear I don't think it's normal So I didn't notice the signal So I ended the navigation Then I wanted to go back to the navigation Then I found Because I didn't have a network on my phone So I couldn't go to the navigation You know, the phone went directly into the forest I couldn't go to the navigation But I was far away The destination Only a few kilometers away So I thought I could still turn on the live stream And continue to turn on the live stream Because there are small roads on the other side There are some greenery next to it Maybe there are some The place where the farm is It looks like a human smoke But I turn on and turn on
(81:07~82:07) I can see There are three men They wear a mask And they're all wrapped in this This equipment is very powerful I have a piece of grass With a round shape The kind of sentence Then Next to it, there's something Then I thought Because they really The feeling of all the weapons The impression is profound And the roadside suddenly No one Suddenly I saw three people singing At that time I felt like a horror game Because it seems It looks normal to sing here Or it will cut your head later Then because it's really a maze It's a little weird Then I turn on and turn on Then I may have turned on the wrong way I just drive to someone's house That's a three-way Then I just drive to someone's yard Go inside Then Just drive to a dead end Then I go to someone's house Then I think Why am I here? Did I go wrong? I was really in the trouble I saw the left side There's an old man Then squat on the ground I don't know what he's doing I just thought Otherwise I'll go down and ask The road is good But I saw
(82:07~83:07) He also wears all the equipment And his face is still covered in a mask It looks like That kind of wind-sweeping The kind of wind-sweeping The kind of mask Then I just looked around It seems like there are some similar things Something like a storm I just thought I shouldn't go down I can't go down Because he has all the equipment I just go down and get covered in a mask I can't say for sure So I think I'd better go down But I think it's a strange place I drove to the side of the car I drove the wrong way I just drove to his house In a sense Normal people should be back Then look at it How did you drive to my house Or even a very passionate person To say Are you on the wrong way I tell you You have to go down Normal Taiwanese Is it like this when you're kind and passionate? But he didn't do that He was always against me Then he was always squatting on the ground He didn't even want to do that I just thought This is too weird I just met three That grasshopper Here you can see a Completely unrelenting person What is this place But I slowly Just a little bit So I can get out Then finally
(83:07~84:08) I went to another road Then I continued to look I continued to look Then finally I found that mysterious night scene Then I thought Finally found But I have to take care of one thing Before I met the wind I met another situation Because I was driving from Taipei City Maybe 60 kilometers But I How much did I forget 60-70 kilometers But I forgot to go and check My mailbox The mailbox's memory So before I met the wind My car suddenly jumped out of the scene You only have 70 kilometers left You can't go over 70 kilometers I thought I found out that he was a little bit From that red line I thought I forgot to cheer But I thought I was holding my head Then I turned it on It should be okay Then come out Find a house to stay It should be okay I was like this at that time This sign Or tell everyone Then I stopped at the roadside
(84:08~85:09) Then I went into the jungle The jungle is really cool There is a small west beside it Then I felt very comfortable He just passed through a forest Then he could walk to the small west group So he walked a path But because I think that road It doesn't look very complicated So I don't think there is anything good For example, to record What kind of mark is left I didn't think about it I just passed through it like this Then I went to the valley Then I started cooking there Then the view of the landscape Then listen to the water sound I felt very comfortable Then I went to dinner at night Then I went to dinner at 7.30 I think I was still early at that time 7.30 I thought I should go home I started to collect things I got 8 o'clock About half an hour I finished collecting things Then I started to go along the west valley That road is hard to find Because in fact, it's possible to see a small mirror in the daytime But at night You will find that the sight is really bad So you are a little strange Where is the road? Then I finally found that small road Then I started to go up Go, go, go I don't know why A turn
(85:09~86:09) I saw another west valley That's a place I haven't been to in the morning I thought I was going up the west valley When I finally walked up I should have seen my car stop on the road But no I kept going up Maybe I was in a hurry I saw it was not my car It was another west valley Another point Where is this? Fuck I suddenly started to get a haircut The whole sky was dark There was no light near That's a piece of dark forest No place for people I took a flashlight Very limited sight I tell you, at that moment I really got up I thought What is this? I suddenly thought of the wind And the grass chicken I thought If this is a electric shock I should have walked to half Suddenly the grass chicken Will slowly come from The light The farthest Then slowly start to appear Then it started to go very slowly Suddenly the hand-pulled chicken The grass chicken Very fast
(86:09~87:09) I rushed over here The wind was blowing This is the devil His trick is That's the wind that attacks me Because he looks like a boss You know that moment I really thought about a lot of scary things The whole dark forest The whole darkness Into my heart Originally that kind of I feel like I'm gone I just tell you where I am It's not easy later I finally Found the way back When I saw my car I was relieved Then I thought I can go home But I'll talk about it first That place is really deserted You can see the place on the road Then the road is basically Half of the water is muddy Half of it is muddy Then you just have to be careful The wheel will just be right next to the hook Go into the hook So it's actually quite dangerous Then I was very careful at that time I don't know why I should have said Because I found There are 70 kilometers left I saw it I think it's about 60 kilometers left Then
(87:09~88:10) Then when it starts I probably drive 300 kilometers Just one turn Just one kilometer That is to say His speed of the oil is super fast 80% 62 61 50 59 He keeps going down I thought it's impossible If I follow this speed I can't even drive to a place with a gas station I may not even be able to go out I'm getting more and more Then I don't know what to do Then I suddenly thought of one thing That is to say Actually I remember I read a article before The maximum speed of the car is about 40 kilometers 40 kilometers at a time Maybe there are some differences in each car But 40 kilometers may be one The most省油 area Because at that time Because I think the three-way situation is not good Because it's very dark So I drive very conservative Probably only 20 kilometers I suddenly thought about it No, I add speed to 40 kilometers Look I add speed to 40 kilometers The speed of the gas is starting to decrease I started to feel a little chance But because there was no signal at that time So I actually don't know where to go
(88:10~89:11) I can only keep going Then it's not easy to get to a place With a little signal I quickly search for it One is the direction to Taipei You can go to a place Probably 30 kilometers But I think that time The oil number was only about 50 kilometers And because the speed of the gas Is faster than I thought So I'm not sure Can I reach 30 kilometers Another one Not the direction to Taipei It's to play the wheel It's going to the bottom The加油 station at the bottom Probably about Maybe not 20 kilometers But I'll go the other way Wen Xiu Xin will think I don't have a choice now I'm going to the bottom Because this is the safest way Then I started to use 40 kilometers The speed of the speed On that mountain road Then go forward Because I don't dare to lose speed Because I found out that the speed of the gas Will be faster So I think 40 kilometers is the most省油 So I use 40 kilometers to drive like this I suddenly feel like This is like electric It's like you suddenly encounter a situation You know the task is
(89:11~90:11) You can't drive 40 kilometers The speed of the gas will be up I suddenly feel like It's like electric It's really exciting Then I'm like this 40 kilometers on the mountain And then finally I finally came to a more civilized place I was more at ease at that time Then go to the bottom Then add oil Then I started from the bottom Follow the ice road Start going towards Taipei Originally I actually I've been driving for about an hour Just arrived at that place Then if normal I was in the island If I went back I might have gone to Taipei at that time But I was actually in Yilan at that time Then I started from the bottom Follow the ice road Then go to Taipei But at that time Because it was safe So I was at ease at that time Go ahead Then suddenly I still remember that I drove to the ice road There was a side Suddenly there was a mountain A bunch of shining places Then I think that place looks beautiful I checked it later I know that I was there for nine minutes You know what I said
(90:11~91:18) Didn't you just ask You went to a lot of outdoors What do you think Do you know how good my mood was at that moment My mood at that time is You just experienced a very cool afternoon Then experienced another one Make you feel like I'm afraid of the night Then suddenly You're driving by the sea again Then I saw the light of the mountain That kind of three-story shining light Then you suddenly feel That kind of fish moon mood All come up You feel that you are very happy all night That's me now I've been in this month The mood is so good I think I want to listen to this song when I'm driving
(91:18~92:22) Drive Taiwan city pop Stay Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love The eternal war Only the tomorrow is longer than the loneliness Why do you say You always love me Is this a very familiar excuse I don't care what others say behind me I just believe in the warmth you think The two worlds have never been right I feel guilty because of me Tomorrow you will come back to him The person who goes up is still me Don't say anything
(92:22~93:23) Just keep on holding me I don't want to beg for love The heaven and earth I just care about this moment Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love I give you freedom I only ask that you give me everything now Hold me tonight Baby, baby Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love The eternal war Only the tomorrow is longer than the loneliness This song is from Ouyang Fei Fei The song is called Yong Bao It's a bit old
(93:23~94:25) Do you still feel like a cat? Because it's called Taiwan City Pop The two worlds have never been right I feel guilty because of me Tomorrow you will come back to him The person who goes up is still me Don't say anything Baby, baby Don't say goodbye I don't want to beg for love The heaven and earth I just care about this moment Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love I give you freedom I only ask that you give me everything now Hold me tonight Baby, baby Baby, baby Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight
(94:25~95:25) Let the sadness embrace my love The eternal war Only the tomorrow is longer than the loneliness Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love I give you freedom I only ask that you give me everything now Hold me tonight Baby, baby Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love The eternal war Only the tomorrow is longer than the loneliness Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love I give you freedom I only ask that you give me everything now
(95:25~97:10) Hold me tonight Baby, baby Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love The eternal war Only the tomorrow is longer than the loneliness Don't say goodbye I won't let tears fall Hold me tonight Let the sadness embrace my love
(97:10~98:12) I've been eating for six days I'm not tired It's so delicious And it's very attitude All the dishes he used Other than the food he planted And the ingredients And the seasoning he used He also used the rice But at the same time He has some ideas He even went to a great restaurant He saw a great chef He made the dishes for you He has some attitude He didn't just watch the recipes He made them So I thought It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing I think it's sincere I just want to say I give him 100% It's really amazing There is a cool place in Asimacus It's a Taiwanese restaurant I try to take customers Or share how it pistols
(98:12~99:12) So it makes me What to do Could make meThen go inside And chat with them Slide Xing I ask them What are the tips For you Go to cook Some people cook, some people clean the house, some people plant watermelons, and they are all free. You would think it's a place like a paradise. You never thought about it. You would think everyone there is very nice. Everyone is very well-off. They do their own work, and they don't go to the local people's house to visit. They find out that their house is very nice. I rarely see such a nice place like this. So I think everyone is very worthy to go to that place.
(99:12~100:12) Don't be like this. It's hard for me to do a show like this. Can you leave first? I like the story of Sima. I met a lot of people there. I met a local person who said, I'm your fan. I like you. He asked a local friend to take a picture of me. He said, come here and help me take a picture of him. He introduced me to him. He is a fan of the director. I thought he might be a little bit understanding. Some people may just look at you on the news. They may not really like you. But he said, he is a fan of the director. I knew he was a real fan. He would say that because he knows that I'm not a good person. So he would tell me that I'm your fan. But he is not.
(100:12~101:13) He saw you and wanted to fight with you. Although he was just a little bit embarrassed. He didn't change. I think that's very interesting. I met their head. They were very serious about the show. They were always testing my opinion on the issue. They didn't want me to speak out some serious opinions. But I didn't want to hurt them. So I just said, who do you think is who? I thought that this is a 1500-meter-long sea. It's a tribe of the Tianzhu people. You know, Sima is not allowed to smoke and drink. He didn't want to smoke. He told me that he can't smoke. It's a very sweet place. But suddenly I found that when everyone wanted to talk to you about politics, you would laugh. Politics is a poison. It's not antidote. It's very scary. When you are on the beach,
(101:13~102:13) you will always want to talk to people. It's interesting. It's a place with 1500 meters of sea. It's a place that can cause any crisis in life. So when I face anyone who wants to talk to me about politics, I always show my very good performance. I think that's the most likely thing. It's just a little bit gentle. It's a little bit of a harm to anyone. When we finished filming, we went down the mountain. We sat down and did the little bar. We went down the mountain. We went to Taipei. We had two people in the bar. There were about 10 staff members, including the director, the producer, the producer, the photographer. They were all in a good mood. We went down the mountain together. We went down the mountain and went to the studio of our filming team. We gathered at the door. When we were all ready to go home, we worked together with the director.
(102:13~103:13) We suddenly took out his phone. He was a very serious and serious middle-aged man. He was about the same age as me. He took out his phone and said, let's put on a light. We had been filming together for a year. We never thought about... We always had other ways of communicating. Even said that I never thought about having any direct contact with the director. Because if I had to ask the director to do something, the producer would help me. So I would just tell the producer. The producer would say, that's all. But that moment, he suddenly took it out and said, let's exchange the light. Everyone suddenly took out his phone. I would also tell him, why can't you take out the light? You know, it felt like... it was like a college graduation trip. Because we knew that this project had ended. We would never have any time to spend together in a secret meeting. I remember that day when we finished filming. When we were filming, Li Yichen said that if you ask me now, would you like to take this kind of filming again? My answer is 7 points.
(103:13~104:14) I don't want to. 70% doesn't want to. He wouldn't say that all of them are 100% not worth it. Because... Maybe we will change our mind in the future. But his point is that now he is... most of his heart doesn't want to do this. So... I would just... just reply to his words. I would just tell him, I know that we don't need to discuss this now. We will take this again in the future. We will take this again in the future. Only one possibility. The program is very popular. If we go out today, everyone will think it's bad. They won't like it. I tell you, whether you want to take this film together, it's not going to happen. Because everyone doesn't like it. You will want to spend so much money, spend so much energy, and then suffer for yourself? It won't happen. It won't happen. Unless he performs well, everyone will like it. We will be together again. So, in the future,
(104:14~105:14) maybe in the possibility of tens of millions, maybe 50% or 90% of the universe, this won't be filmed again. So at that moment, I saw the director there saying, let's exchange the contact information. Suddenly, there was a little bit of a little bit of a shock. You know, this is what I mean by saying goodbye. I just said goodbye to Fei Fei. I think at that time, we didn't say goodbye to each other. But in our hearts, we all know that the meaning of saying goodbye is a little bit like that. In fact, we will not really meet again. For example, we may still meet because of the cut-off, and some work requirements, or we may meet again. But with this, my saying goodbye is, this kind of close-knit contact, and then change our lives, change our opportunities to see each other. We really won't meet again. Maybe we won't meet again with a very high chance. That feeling of feeling. So I'm here. I'm telling you,
(105:14~106:16) the friends who participated in this project, including Li Yichen and Li La, because I don't know what will happen in the future. It's hard to say all of these things. Say a word. Thank you. This song is called Thank You. I appreciate your feelings. You're so kind. Thank you always. Thank you really. Wherever you are,
(106:16~107:16) I'm grateful to your presence. When the town of Tasodare was red, I was walking on the street without running away. I tried to stop the people who were listening. The gap between the two of us was still moving like we were moving. You're not alone. Look, everyone. I'm worried. The future is scary. I'm worried. I'm heading to me. You're the one who raised your hand without saying anything. The sadness has become half. I'm happy. I'm happy. When the time comes, I'll be right next to you. I'm glad you're here. Thank you always. The friends who supported us gave us a warm feeling. I appreciate your feelings. You're so kind. Thank you always. Thank you really. Wherever you are, I'm grateful to your presence. Far away, far away. I'm always with you.
(107:16~108:17) I'm grateful to your presence. The friends, family, and lovers. And thanks to all the people who met. I'm going to be strong again. I'm not alone. I'm not going to live. I'm always with you. The eyes, the smile, and all this love. When I can't understand, I want to talk to you. Laugh as much as you can. I won't let go of the love, just to be hurt. I don't like how you touch me. You're so foolish. You're so curse. The friends who supported us gave us a warm feeling. I appreciate your feelings. You're so kind. Thank you always. Thank you really. Wherever you are, I'm grateful to your presence. Yo! I'm sure you're not looking, but I'm sure you're looking at the sky, and I'm going to buy some noodles, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, but the truth is, I'm going to get into a fight, and I'm going to get into a fight, and I'm going to get into a fight, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth,
(108:17~109:54) and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth, and I'm going to get my nose out of my mouth,
(109:54~110:57) Thank you. This is Homega's stream. Okay, that's it. I'll share this song with you. And then, I just mentioned... What was it? Hei, right? I'll share one. Of course, I'm also very grateful for Hei. But I have to say sorry to Hei. Because we're probably at the last night. Because we talked about the topic of farting. I sent a article about it later. But I didn't talk about this part. Because we talked about it later. I don't know if it's because of the air blowing. What's the reason? I was very surprised. But I saw... I want to see what he said. I'll look for it. There's a viewer who has a comment. Why is it that it's easy to fart in high altitude? He is talking about the reason. But I'll share one. I'll share one. The article is... There's no one. Come. He said it's because you're higher in the climb. The air is blowing.
(110:57~111:57) The air blowing in the blood will be released. It will spread to the ground. And it will explode. So it's the reason why you're in the mountain. It's easy to fart in high altitude. I found I was farting in the mountain. I thought I was in a bad position. But I realized it's not reasonable. I kept farting. I was embarrassed. I can't help talking about it. I thought you were farting. Hei said... I don't dare to say it. But I was farting. I didn't dare to look at my underwear. Hei said I was farting. I thought everyone's situation is the same. Then I went to bed at night. Everyone was sitting on their own bed. They were doing their own thing. They were doing their own thing. I replied to their e-mail. I heard from... I slept with Dila in the 1st floor of the small room. The double bed. Dila and Hei slept on the 2nd floor of the small room. The double bed.
(111:57~112:57) It's a bit like the shape of the building. So it's common. Everyone can hear it. I heard a loud fart. And it was very loud. Because it was too loud. I said... Hei, you're not allowed to sleep. I scolded him. Hei was very upset. He said... Dila said Hei was me. But I already scolded him. I thought... Because it was afternoon, Hei said he was farting. I heard the sound of the water. I thought... Hei is you. I said... This... It's not necessarily Hei. It's Dila. I think this episode is discussing. Don't play with this. Okay. Let's share the boring story. Okay.
(112:57~113:57) But he is more mature this time. He is mature now. I thought you were really good at making cosmetics. But you are so low-key. Let me see. What did he say? Can you help me to sell my husband? I don't know. I don't even know how to express myself. If I make money, I might have to pay for it in 2025. Hey, you are so bad at making cosmetics. I'm serious. Everyone is different in terms of the importance of the day. But the problem is... There is nothing wrong with expressing. Please remember to do this. And... The first is... I think I just read it. This is my old friend. He finally got on the show. I saw a lot of unexpected scenes on the set. Oh my god. He is... He might have seen some scenes on the set. I hope... There are more people.
(113:57~114:57) Everyone is safe. And then... He is curious. He often talks about the past love. And the experience. He said you can do everything. So he is now with his wife. He has been sharing his experience for the past 2 months. He has been sharing his experience for the past 2 months. This is a great question. You have been joining the show for 52 months. So you have to answer this question. The first question is... I started dating my girlfriend since I was in elementary school. And then... I didn't have any girlfriends for a year. I might have been in the air for a few days or a month. But I don't have any friends. But... I don't know why. I can call your friend very soon. So I have a lot of experience in college. And then... I don't know if I have talked about this clearly on the show. My wife and I have been sharing our experience for 2 months. And then... If I hadn't talked about it before, I would have made an apology. Because I made a very...
(114:57~115:57) Very difficult thing. Because I was about 35 years old. I forgot what time I was. And then... I have been with my wife for more than 10 years. And I have never been with anyone else. And I have never been with anyone else. And I have never been with anyone else. I had a strong feeling at that time. And since I was little, I have been very natural. I have a girlfriend who likes me. I'm sorry to say this. Almost all of them are girls. I have only 2 girlfriends. Before my wife, I only have 2 girlfriends. One is my wife. The other is my first love. These 2 are my ex-boyfriends. And then they are all my ex-boyfriends. And then I am with them. And then... I am quite casual. But they are all great people. So I am not casual. I am just kidding. So I have a feeling that I have never really been with a girl in my life. I have never tried many things.
(115:57~116:57) So I have a strong feeling at that time. I want to know I want to know I go chase girls. Not girls who like me. I promise. I go chase a girl and go to a online dating site. Because at that time, dating is not popular. I go to a online dating site. I go to a dating site and chat with her. Or on the way. I have a lot of things to do on the way. I ask her to meet me. Have coffee and eat. What will happen? At that time, I am not sure about the number of people. But maybe 30 to 100 people are possible. I am almost crazy about it. I have to use a notebook to organize each person's conversation records. Because after I go out with some people to drink coffee, I will tell her some stories. But I told her this story with A. Maybe I haven't told her B. But I will be confused.
(116:57~117:57) I will tell her some embarrassing stories. For example, I told her last time I told you about this. You didn't tell me. It will be embarrassing. So I have a notebook. I have records of all the people I told her. What did I tell her? That's it. But at that time, I was in a bad mood. I don't explain. I have told her this story before. I can only say that I still keep the notebooks. I will know who is who in order to know who is who. For example, I will think of a way to keep the notebook. Because it is a digital notebook. I have been on the Evernote. I haven't opened it for a long time. I don't know if the account will be deleted. On the Evernote, I will name it. I will name it on the Internet. I will name some important personal information.
(117:57~118:57) I will name some photos. I will remind myself to remember what happened to her. For example, I have married her once. I have had a lot of marriage. I can only say that I had a lot of marriage. I have not had a lot of marriage. But I really had a lot of marriage. That's it. At that time, I was suddenly wanting to know how I felt about the world. Why do you ask? Because I have never used this method. I was in a short time. I was crying out. I was like OK. That's it. I don't want to explain. I feel awkward. That's it. Thank you. I said, I am not a coincidence. Someone asked me about the problem. I said
(118:57~119:57) I can't name Xu Qiaoxing. My name is Xu Qiaoxing. So, Wang Hongwei is not a coincidence. I can only say sorry. I don't think it's a positive thing. That's it. OK. So, I really want to say I know I am not a handsome guy. So, I see some people using strange tricks. Some guys trying to get girls' attention and make others' troubles. I have a kind of this thing that shouldn't be so complicated. Many people will say girls like tall and handsome. My experience is not like that. I think I have a logic of chasing girls. I passed this to Zhong Zitong. I told him
(119:57~120:57) this is my point. I heard he really studied. Don't expect to achieve anything with anyone. For example, I want to be friends with him. We can be friends and have coffee and chat. That's it. I want to understand him. Many guys have a problem. When we first meet, I want to win. That's why I have a lot of money. A car that I am afraid to get. I think it's not the case I think many of you don't care. The biggest key is that you are an interesting person. This is not necessarily just about humor. Of course, humor is a good point. But the most important thing is that you think, this person is quite talented. He works with you. You can tell some details. He talks to you about reading, talking about movies, talking about music,
(120:57~121:58) talking about anything. It seems to be a topic. He seems to be an interesting person. As an interesting person, it's more important than other tricks. You just have to be interesting enough to have a girl who likes you. Then, you don't want to be in any position. You just have to act like a crazy person. I want to get on the bed. You just have to be very ordinary and come with others. Usually, after a three or four-day meeting, there are opportunities. You don't need to force it to happen. This is my experience. So I am like this. It's like this. This is a concept of the concept of the concept of the fishing of the river. The gardener will go up the hill. Don't do some five or four-day meetings there. Doing those five or four-day meetings will not be a high success rate. It's very embarrassing. It's like this. Okay, I won't say it. I just want to share with you the topic of the other topics.
(121:58~122:58) Some people say that the fishing line is a plastic bag. But you say that the plastic bag means that you are in a tent. You can't be in a tent. Do you understand what I mean? You can't be in a tent's mood. You will be very embarrassed if you think of a tent. The girls can understand the feeling of a tent. Most of the girls are not very stupid. So you really can see the tent. And they will laugh at you secretly. So you really don't need to do that. Don't do this. Okay, that's it. I don't want to say it again. That's it. Xinxia Zhang said, Hello, boss. Please help me. I wish you a happy birthday. I hope your husband is more than me. Love you. Okay, I will say a happy birthday to Xinxia's sister. I hope your husband is on the way. Then the public Internet said, Boss, this is just back. Then the next is the wind blowing egg shell. Taiwan's pork chop, you are all very brave. Then I said, Hey, I like pork chop, do you like the fat? Oh, I just answered this. Then I said I hope that the pork chop can be eaten in a trip. Then launched a plan to blind guess the true pork chop in different places. The fact that different ages of the old man is still a little bit different. Actually, I think it's too difficult. Do you think I'm a god? I can't do it.
(122:58~124:02) Okay, but thank you for your suggestion. Then Lu Ming Zhao said, Every day I work in Australia, I listen to the live broadcast and Xinxia Zhang. I like that. Oh, sorry. I like your live broadcast and your music. Otherwise, I would have wasted my time at work. I think my live broadcast has this advantage. I don't think it's annoying to put it next to the audience. I think some people's live broadcasts are very exciting. But when you put it next to the audience, it's really annoying. It's really uncomfortable. I'm talking about who? Of course, I'm talking about the manager. I tell you, I really listen to the manager every time. It will be built up. I think I feel like I can listen to the manager's live broadcast. Then I get a lot of entertainment. His life must be very painful. I feel like this. Because it's so noisy. He speaks so noisy. Then the
(124:02~125:04) manager. I don't like eating McDonald's. I don't like eating McDonald's now. I hope McDonald's can really I think it's already hard now. Because time has passed. He must think that I've been on the floor for so long. It should be okay. But I want to tell you that No, this is like this. I still have to Except for my mother. I won't forget it. Okay? That's it. Then when someone asks me this question, I will say the same thing. McDonald's bye bye. Then this lemon said thank you. Thank you for accompanying me. Thank you. Lemon has always been here. Then Kevin Lin said I have been a little fan of water for a long time. Thank you for the music and the boring story. I have accompanied many painful nights. Then I want to ask him a few questions. When you are on a social network, You have to change your job. It's not about work. You can't be recognized or not like. But there are several colleagues or executives in the workplace. You will know that you are not on the right side. I'll bring you pain. I just graduated. I think work takes about eight hours. This happiness is the most important. Now, as long as I think I can't wait, I will leave. But now I'm almost 30 years old. I started to feel that it's really good to leave without being happy. The answer is not good. Because I tell you. I'm not happy to leave.
(125:04~126:04) But I think it's a responsibility to leave. It's not that you have to be responsible for the company. You don't have to be responsible for the company. You have to be responsible for yourself. You have to ensure that the next time you go, the place will be better. This is like you are talking about love. The first time you are in contact with each other, you will be proud of yourself. You will be bad to yourself. So you have to remember this kind of person. What kind of characteristics will there be? You have to avoid such people next time. Maybe you are not always right. But you have to be more and more accurate. You have to feel that you are really happy in what kind of place. And try to make you happy. Not just to be sad. There are many markets in the world that are not so bad. So this thing is absolutely right. Although I may not have a person. Because of the different work capacity and age. So the range of choice is different. But I believe that it should not be a direction that is not deep. Please cheer up. Then CD said, good night, you are great. Recently ended the channel for a few years. I think it's good to pay and receive. Or not to be a witness. People who are creative will want to do it very well. This really makes you too tired. Now I am very happy to be a fan.
(126:04~127:27) How to stick to the daily broadcast? It has been so many years. Can you like to order a song? The song of Aoi. I have never played this song before. I am not sure. I like this song very much. The story behind it. Sometimes we are like tea. Then it's broken. But not self-sufficient. Let me see the song of tea. I have seen the director's fun. Actually, I have seen the whole city. It's almost the same. I just saw a funny and exciting reaction. I don't know. But I just think I really don't hate the director. I really can't stand it. It has nothing to do with me. I think I am so noisy. My ears hurt. Li Chang Li Chang I have never seen this before. I am so happy. I am so happy. I have never seen this before. I am so happy. I am so happy. I am so happy. I am so happy. I am so happy. I am so happy.
(127:27~128:28) The sky is flying. The clouds and the mountains are all behind me. Maybe I will fall into a sea of ​​dreams. Go and see. The sun is slowly rising. Go and see. The clouds are not here. The clouds are not here. Ha Geng is so true. Of course, it's better than the director. Okay, let me respond to the question of CZ. I think if you want to be interested in the work, you have to face it with the work attitude.
(128:28~129:28) For example, you shoot a video to be interested in. So you choose this job. But when he becomes a single worker, he can't just be interested. You have to use a very greedy way to finish him. For example, when you know that the flow is so good, you can't... Unless you have other better answers. For example, you think you can get the flow like this. And you like it. Okay, that's fine. But if you find that there is one thing called you don't like it, but it can get the flow. And the flow is your job. Then you give me to do it. Because that's called work. But if you don't want it to be a job, it's something you can do happily. Then do it happily. Don't treat it as a job. You only have a few different ways to choose. So when I choose to do this job, I actually know that the flow is my inevitable need. So I have to do a lot of hard work for the flow. I like every single one of the hard work. But what you should do is to do it. This is the spirit of professionalism.
(129:28~130:28) But no matter what, people have to be happy. So how to find the balance between work and happiness. This is the subject of each person. I hope you can find it. You can find it. And then Kevin Lin, he said his friend told me he had a message in front of him, he said, you should do your job well. No matter where you are, you will find those people you don't like. I know all this. But I'm very sad because others are too nervous and tired. I'm just sad because I just can't understand why they can be like this to others No matter what the network or the staff, they should meet people they don't like When you don't need to work with such people Even if you know that there are certain resources that you can't turn back when you are with someone What will you think or what will you do?
(130:28~131:28) I'm sorry, Liu Yun, you are really long If you are really touched by this, thank you very much for your reply Okay, come I think it's like this When you know that you don't like someone, you will feel pain It's because you still want to get their recognition Or you want to have some positive comments in this For example, you want this result to be right for you You might think that this result is just a proof For example, you think you have done the A-sign, you have to get the award But you find that you have to get the award, but you don't have to You have to do something that you can't accept You can only get the award if you do something like this So you feel a sense of value I'm telling you, because it's work I think work is like this, work doesn't mean that you should Some people can get happiness in work But that's a very serious thing Not everyone can do this Sometimes you can only choose to work And your daily happiness is a little bit different
(131:28~132:28) It's best to be together, but sometimes you have to be separated How do you work in the process? You can pass it smoothly You can clearly realize that this is a work So you don't have to get any satisfactory answer For example, the boss doesn't have to like you You don't have to get his approval I don't like someone like me I don't want his approval Once you don't want it, you will feel that the world is much easier This is my suggestion And then, Tyron said, Happy New Year Wish me all the best this year I wish you all the best this year Chen was very happy to be on the same day as the live broadcast I'm very happy that the world has a good existence I can continue to work hard in the sports world Please keep healthy and happy Thank you for the great new people I'm telling Chen Happy New Year You're the best The best I was very happy to receive the gift of the limited edition
(132:28~133:28) OCRMX, can you say good luck to the grandmaster? Don't, I don't want to be a grandmaster Xinyu, the big car He said he would send the gift of the limited edition I should have sent it earlier I didn't I don't know why I might ask Jia Jia I should have sent it earlier Happy New Year I'm telling Happy New Year Ah Li, because of the work Recently, I often eat the famous sweet potato I found the potato is super delicious I don't eat the sweet potato Is this fried chicken better? The sweet potato is actually better than the pancake I'm actually a little bit confused I don't know I'll eat the sweet potato I'll eat the onion Happy New Year Happy New Year Then He said that the outdoor activities are probably the best The word is very similar to the feeling of being caught I understand you You have to say this It's a little bit like It's not exactly the same in my heart
(133:28~134:29) It's a little bit like the reaction of the psychological I think it's reasonable Then the wind blow egg Thank you for your company every week Share interesting stories I appreciate your views I also thank many friends for sharing I have sent you many letters today I wish you all a happy New Year Thank you for sending me five members Thank you very much Many people are also grateful I wish you a happy New Year Happy New Year Thank you Thank you I really want to see Do Zhengxi's performance Come on, Arshung Then Fang Fang said Double Hope Welcome to the final battle in Taiwan The dragon is really good We are going to the second level of the The report The report said
(134:29~135:29) The report said Because of the relationship between the year and the year He decided to leave to the lab The decision caused him to The lab was all over I want to ask the report Did you think about the retreat after failure I want to ask the report The report The report Then I have said this before I have mentioned this in some speeches I have thought about it before What if you think about the worst I think about the worst situation Think about the worst If you think about it and find out you can be a human You can do anything I thought about it Because I have been kicked out So how can I work in the lab Actually, you can see many elders Go to the lab Some are going to the lab I am the same I have been working in the lab When I was working I met my first love I went to the lab
(135:29~136:29) He saw me wearing the 7 Self-adapt And he said Are you Qiu Yijie I said I didn't have a face I am working here I helped him The chapter He dressed up very beautifully He showed a little regret He showed a little regret He did a 7-Eleven And he did a Palamera Anyway, he was a noble car He went to the lab At that moment I thought about this After I thought about it I found it was very difficult to start But after the person slowly accepted the situation I told myself I should stop That's it I will share it with you I have been working in the lab for 2 years It has been longer since I started the live I was encouraged by the live I was very confident I can't stand it I am not understanding
(136:29~137:43) I am very sad I don't want to be a good person I want to understand I have never thought about this I have never thought about it I started to practice The life of the law I told myself I am looking forward to it I am not ready But I want to be a good person I want to be a good person I am very grateful for your live Although I have been working in the lab I don't know if you can please Fuzikaze's Overflow I will find this song I am very touched Of course I will put the song down It is very late I want to sleep early It is Fuzikaze's song I will tell you a happy ending I mean Sleep early early
(137:43~138:43) The days we spent together The tears of tears Everything is over The end is coming Good night White and red Rain and this Stop The boss said he is going to the concert No Good night This is good Good night Until the day we can laugh Until the day we can laugh Until the day we can laugh Until the day we can laugh Baby, are you taking me home? Because I think We are going to go beyond Because I think We are going to go beyond I will think about how to work together But not yet The clouds are There is no way Let go of your hand Lightly
(138:43~139:43) Lightly Go Ah Wei said I just heard you mention Don't bring that purpose to girls Go to a date, we will chat But I was born in the year of 25 I am now with girls Or go out to date When you know each other Will be silent and not feel You are born in a very long time With a poor girl Feel the atmosphere Slowly come out What should I do I think everyone has different situations My mouth is more powerful than many people I said my mouth is very powerful Not a mouth It's just talking ability And then the ability to talk This thing, I told you
(139:43~140:43) You just normally chat I think everyone will think that I can't Like you just normally chat So my saying is completely meaningless So I can only say Everyone has a way to communicate But practice is definitely helpful Because I'm not just saying If you are worried Or afraid This single too long I noticed that it's not important I feel that many girls don't care about this Thing Even if you are 30 years old How are you single It's important that you are a good person Interesting person You have to remember that family But he still taught a good girl To be with him I said it was a common family This means one thing As an interesting person You are the biggest asset in your life Not a girlfriend As long as you are an interesting person You have the opportunity to do whatever you want So when you feel that you are still a little bit Unintentional
(140:43~142:03) Try to cultivate yourself A better person Read more books Watch more movies Start some interesting activities Not necessarily the ones I just said But in the end Maybe find the way to life Nothing is there But I will find everything I will find everything I will find everything I will find everything I will find everything I will find everything I will find everything
(142:03~143:10) Music Music Music Music Music Music I wish the boss and the boss happy Valentine's Day. I hope everyone will be the same as you. I also wish you a happy Valentine's Day. I think I'm getting happier this year. That's it for tonight. I'll say good night to everyone. Bye bye. It's past midnight. It's Valentine's Day. I wish you all the best. Happy Valentine's Day. Okay, okay. Say bye bye to everyone. Bye. Good night.
