(00:00~01:02) 
(01:02~02:03) I'm a little bit of a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm an object. I'm a fanatic.
(02:03~03:13) I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. Do you hate me? I hate you. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm a fanatic. I'm not alone Oh, I forgot Oh, oh, oh
(03:13~04:13) Hello everyone, I'm Sam from BAM, welcome to Gwaji Today we are going to watch our Gwaji KTV EP1 It's EP1, but it's already done So as I said, it's the second episode of this series The first episode is called Heartless I think you will find that the reaction is good Let's do the second episode The original version is a little bit more complicated So we will have a story later A story with a plot I will introduce this situation later Before today's show Because a lot of political things have happened recently Oh, oh, oh, oh I'm not alone Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh
(04:13~05:13) Judy said that her little cutie has been out for two months Wow, that must be very lonely I hope that this two months can go quickly And everyone is safe And then maybe someone will say Recently, there is a political issue So this episode will be about a group of politics And then everyone will think that It's all hard and hard I will tell you that I don't know I don't have any interest in talking to you about politics So if we wait for the next episode Will the director or director That thing will not happen today But in addition, there will be a article this afternoon Everyone is talking about the situation that the company is deleted And then there is a netizen He is leaving a message He said that you have a seed to go to the director's live broadcast But I have to say one thing This netizen He should be reflected He should be reflected He is simply a little bit of a challenge To the director's live broadcast There is a comment I think it's funny I particularly kicked it out here He said below Why do you want to go to the director's live broadcast
(05:13~06:13) Is he a particularly cultural person Because we are talking about cultural issues now Why do you want to go to the director's live broadcast I said wow It's really reasonable But here is still to talk about my position If the audience really wants me to go there To discuss this issue with him I am really welcome Military intelligence Military intelligence If he is willing to Ok fine Come on do this But today's topic is not like this Today's topic is our KTV We did it before Kala is ok His title is Kala forever Actually this is a song named But the problem is that he I should not have this song to use Anyway, it's just interesting I thought Because I made it like KTV Then everyone keeps on playing the song Then I started I was doing the live broadcast Actually did not think of the plot No
(06:13~07:13) I just put some songs After the song was finished In the process I thought to add some play So everyone thought that there was something to think about Then I found that KTV has a plot It seems to be quite interesting So I decided to make it more thorough I made the architecture more complete So first I want to explain to you The KTV box is from A small company This small company is probably about ten people It's not very profitable Small company that is not strong enough Then it's a little like A small village in the commercial environment There are more than ten people One day, my colleague came to work To sing a song They have a boss together The two people who are responsible for the relationship One is called Xiaolan Xiaolan and Aming Although there is a little bit of a different kind of impression Don't be so anxious In short, it's hard to be a woman Then they are responsible for the relationship They are in this company It's also very good
(07:13~08:13) Often everyone will see the two of them Have a good chat It's a good friend and a good friend Then you can have a feeling That day About seven o'clock in the evening Everyone went to the KTV box To gather But I didn't expect Of course the residents are not late So they arrived first I also brought some of the guests One or two bottles of beer At this time, the two people Sit in this ten-person box Suddenly a little awkward Do you want to order a song? Is it so rare for us two I sing for you, you sing for me Is this right? Xiaolan thought it was a little strange Why don't I order a song first I order first What should I say What is that called A little blue He threw out a song I always write To wash out the outside
(08:13~09:14) The night I remember There is still The relationship between him and him The white girl The boy still loves to see her The boy still loves to see her The boy still loves to see her A lot of bridges A lot of waves A lot of people A lot of questions A lot A lot of days I can't see Just now I asked you Do you like it? Suddenly How can you My hand Don't let go You said you were so hungry I will go your hometown the rain and the wind are turning the trees and the green are passing by
(09:14~10:16) and the present is all the same you said you would also be like this slowly like you slowly love you slowly yourself slowly walk with you together slowly I want to be with you slowly help me give you slowly like you slowly remember slowly accompany you slowly go to the old town because slowly is the best reason this time Ah Ming he is a little awkward I don't know why he suddenly ordered slowly like this song so he opened a can of beer and drank quietly next to it but at this time Xiaolan kept staring at Ah Ming seemed to get what Ah Ming's response was
(10:16~11:16) but Ah Ming is just drinking beer next to it ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah please help me give you slowly like you slowly remember slowly accompany you slowly go to the old town
(11:16~12:18) because slowly is the best why hey hey hey hey two of you arrived first sorry sorry we are late it was too sad on the way We all went in together, and Aqiang, Xiaoxun, and Diya, all of them were all together. We all went into the box. You all just sang a lot of songs, right? We started asking questions. But in this company, there is a secret that everyone knows. Aqiang really likes Xiao Lan. He is the guy who just opened the door and walked in. He is the business man in this company. He has been in this company for three years. He is actually very loud when he speaks. When Xiao Lan just entered the company, he immediately expressed that he really likes you. He kept on expressing his feelings. The whole company also looked at this matter in their eyes.
(12:18~13:24) So at this time, everyone saw Aqiang walking in. Then they saw Xiao Lan inside. So everyone started to be excited. Did Aqiang express his feelings to you? He wanted to order a song. He expressed his feelings to you. Then Aqiang felt that he was sorry. I will order a song. This song, Aqiang started to sing. I am special to order for Xiao Lan. I will tell you. I will send you.
(13:24~14:26) Xiao Lan, Xiao Lan, Xiao Lan. Satori Satori I am going to be an actress like Xiao Lan. Do you understand? Is this what Circle of Iat supposed to be? So are you aware what it means? Hello. Do not you know what? This is Circle of Iat!
(14:26~15:33) In this moment, This hero communal Takeover Make所有 cage Into his various accommodation Into his various accommodation Yang Mix Frdi Stay in the house between exciting Such이선 η Such이선 η Warming up ópilv Satori, Satori, Satori
(15:33~17:43) Satori, Satori And then everyone was so excited Everyone was crazy and clapping Hey, wow, you really did a great job Oh my god, you really have talent But at this time, no one noticed one thing Actually, when I started with Satori, A-min He was actually drinking beer alone And then he was sitting next to the radio And then he was covered by the light of the screen And then he quietly sang a song And everyone was still making trouble there So no one was singing So the third song came very quickly It was A-min A-min, especially At this time Maybe it's for the atmosphere Maybe it's for the other reasons He played a song This song The middle of the town Don't love me
(17:43~18:43) Don't touch me I'm still in the corner of my heart Don't love me If it's just loneliness If it won't last long If you haven't heard of me Don't love me Don't give me an excuse Don't let me be Don't make me look like a dragon A-min He was singing alone No one was caring about A-min's expression What's going on He didn't dare to look at others Because at this time, at 7 o'clock Everyone was still not eating Beef noodles, pork stomach The roast chicken and the fried chicken They all came up So everyone was busy eating
(18:43~19:47) Only A-min was singing this song silently Still in the heart Don't be in the wind I'm still in the corner of my heart Don't love me If it's just loneliness If it won't last long If you haven't heard of me Don't love me Don't give me an excuse Don't let me be
(19:47~20:55) Don't push me to the sea or the car Don't love me If it's just loneliness If it won't last long If you haven't heard of me Don't love me If it won't last long Don't let me be Don't push me to the sea or the car This is the wrong song The wrong song is A-min's Is this okay The wrong song is A-min's No, I've heard this song before But when I only listen to Don't Love Me I always listen to A-min I didn't think of A-min's lyrics I've heard of A-min's lyrics At this time, everyone started to sing Adia also sang this song
(20:55~21:57) Lin Long Xuan, you love him so much Although it's heartless Adia sang this song But it seems like she still continues to sing A-min's feelings Adia sang this song Here, with this box The online Isn't it LAI said Happy Birthday to you Until love disappears You only understand To cherish each and every one around you Beautiful scenery Only she has already understood Until you want to be with her No longer leave you The last you Started a struggle Why don't you leave her
(21:57~23:01) Why don't you leave her Why don't you say a word of heart You love her Everyone knows You love her so much Why don't you leave her Is it you who have two loves So you don't want to let yourself Can't think of anything Until love disappears You only understand To cherish each and every one around you Beautiful scenery Only she has already understood
(23:01~24:01) Until you want to be with her No longer leave you The last you Started a struggle Why don't you leave her Why don't you say a word of heart You love her Everyone knows You love her so much Why don't you leave her Is it you who have two loves So you don't want to let yourself Can't think of anything You love her so much
(24:01~25:14) Why don't you leave her Why don't you say a word of heart You love her Everyone knows You love her Why don't you leave her Is it you who have two loves So you don't want to let yourself Can't think of anything You love her so much You love her so much
(25:14~26:14) So young I'm going to sing Boss, you sing You're going to sing You're going to sing You're going to sing Everyone is so excited Sorry, boss Don't waste your time If you pick slowly Everyone will think you're playing with her She's fast She's a song she can sing She's fast She doesn't use the computer
(26:14~27:14) Because she already knows the song She remembers the number So she takes the remote control And she goes down to the beat So the song's tempo starts Tomorrow is the next day Chacha Milo, milo Milo, milo Boss doesn't know what he's talking about But he just thinks He doesn't know what language he's talking about But he just sings two lines
(27:14~28:15) Boss, you're going to sing She's a song she can sing She doesn't use the computer Because she's fast She doesn't use the computer But you're going to sing We're going to sing a song She doesn't know what to do She doesn't know what to do But she really doesn't know what to do She doesn't know what to do She doesn't know what to do She's been waiting for a few years She's been asking questions She doesn't know what to do We have a lot of problems There's no way she can look at us
(28:15~29:43) There's no way she can look at us She doesn't know what to do We're going to sing a song She doesn't know what to do She hasn't seen the camera Nha tya do go siya, wun ne siim jing e kui wa Pa kue liao ji soa yu jing nya, en jing wun di bi de kua siya Nha tya do go siya, wun ne siim jing e di yun da
(29:43~30:44) Nha tya do go siya, wun ne siim jing e kui wa Te ju wun liao liao e bun nya, en jing wun ai wun e kua siya Nha tya do go siya, wun ne siim jing e kui wa Wendong jui wun hong da kim bu, soa mo lii jing e rong kui ya Pa siya jia be rong, wun ne siim jing si hong da Nha tya do go siya, wun liao e bun nya, en jing wun e kui ya
(30:44~31:44) 剛剛呢老闆开心的表演表演以後真的是他太嗨了 他心裡就想說 欸 怎么办 大家都疯狂鼓掌啊 一定是覺得我表演得超好的吧 他也不管大家喜歡或不喜歡 反正這時候呢他心裡那個表演欲斷之間來了 他就說 等一下等一下 我還有一首歌 這首歌 喔他媽 小蘭你都在台上了 跟我一起唱 跟你講這個只有你能跟我唱啦 小蘭不要在那邊囉說 欸 這個你會吧 他也不管 他也沒有真的去問 不知不覺的 他就這樣 他就把歌給他放出來了 欸 這首歌的前奏是不是很長 好像前面有一個很長的那個聲音 喔有有有 完了完了 這首歌 我應該從這麼前面的地方開始放 等一下 前面有一堆音效 大家去猜一下這個到底是什麼東西 他猜得出來就是什麼 男女對上的歌曲 但是KTV的版本有前面有這麼長嗎 但這個時候 這個不得不講 這個的確是一種利用全市的性騷擾 但是這個老闆呢 因為相信他很受 員工的歡迎 所以他知道 員工喜歡啊
(31:44~32:46) 他相信員工喜歡他這麼做 就是喜歡這種跟這個年輕部屬 打打鬧鬧混在一起的感覺嘛 所以他對自己真的是信心爆棚 他就覺得說 小蘭 你配合我一起演出 大家都滑溢嘛 對不對 欸 這前面的那個聲音也太長了 我打算要在這一段講多久啊 我以為他有在放 原來是沒在放 前面的市場 愛恨成何想
(32:46~33:46) 歲月在夜市上敲打 我又流長了頭髮 耐心的的海岸線的冰花 大雨就要下 恨恨的光 誰在害怕 海風一直全連著香 一直錯過我的年華 錯過我心臟的炬陽 可我的改放
(33:46~34:49) 蝴蝶依舊 狂戀著花 你卻錯過我的年華 錯過我轉世的臉頰 你還愛我嗎 我等你句話 一生心做浪斷天涯 歲月不過是玩笑 而你今時又在那火人角 日日淚現象 沙灘上消失的浪花
(34:49~35:49) 讓我們漫長起家 能聽許下的永遠又在那 總是放不下 輪迴的記憶在瘋狂 我將它牢牢記下 海風一直全連著香 你卻錯過我的年華 錯過我心臟的炬陽 可我的改放 蝴蝶依舊 狂戀著花
(35:49~36:50) 你卻錯過我的年華 錯過我轉世的臉頰 你還愛我嗎 我等你句話 海風一直全連著香 你卻錯過我的年華
(36:50~37:51) 就像一陣風吹動了我的思念 你清澈的雙眼 帶我遨遊了整個世界 愛情又是一場空空 沒有了時間 你多長的角落 原來一直在另一個世界 就算沒有太陽 也許明天還有希望 今天的你是否依然躲在我身旁 愛的時間苦拉三天 也許有點疲倦 只要遇見你的每天 我就不願意走遠
(37:51~38:51) 愛的時間有盡有緣 也許有點浪費 有你的笑顏 我的沉醉 這應該就是 愛的滋味 愛的滋味 愛情又是一場空空 其實我本來不是想要點這首歌的 我想要點標準情人 但不知道什麼所有串流平台 我則是像是Apple Music或者 Spotify 都沒有
(38:51~39:53) 所以只有YouTube才有 所以我本來是想說算了 不然來點它的訪冒版 高訪版這個愛的視線 但既然有人提到 不行 給我唱標準情人 其實的確 我本來覺得 真正的標準答案 應該是標準情人才對 所以我在這邊 等一下 從頭 我改放標準情人 阿強點了標準情人 標準情人應該怎麼樣 是否和電影一樣
(39:53~41:06) 追風名雨在那樣 來自命愛的敵人家 可是我沒想過那麼多 決定愛你以後只盼望 這機會讓你感動 你總是說我 不夠溫柔 不夠幽默 愛不常說出口 我只想給你沒有 迷你沒有面具 真實的自信 請你相信標準情人 只能活在 像像世界裡 感受我的真心 陪你混淆 陪你淡熙 陪你風和雨 永遠沒有距離
(41:06~42:07) 詞聲還有寫一首歌叫20歲的眼淚 是送給京城女的 標準情人應該怎麼樣 是否和電影一樣 追風名雨在太陽 來自命愛的敵人家 可是我沒想過那麼多 決定愛你以後只盼望 這機會讓你感動 你總是說我 不夠溫柔 不夠幽默 愛不常說出口 我只想給你沒有
(42:07~43:07) 迷你沒有面具 真實的自信 請你相信標準情人 只能活在 像像世界裡 感受我的真心 陪你歡笑 陪你淡熙 陪你風和雨 你總是說我 不夠溫柔 不夠幽默 愛不常說出口 我卻只想給你 沒有迷你沒有面具 真實的自信 永遠沒有距離 阿強看你平常油頭粉麵 然後油理油氣的 但是沒想到女同事被老闆給殘住的時候 你還是能夠建議勇為
(43:07~44:07) 能夠站出來 阿強其實跟著老闆 待了很長的時間 創業的時候就在一起 所以他跟老闆 其實本身感情關係也很好 他知道他吐槽他一下 切他的歌 老闆不會介意 他充分了解他的脾氣 所以他就直接把責任給扛了下來 其他同事太太太年輕 不懂得怎麼應付他 但是阿強完全知道自己應該怎麼做 因為阿強唱的標準情人 把這個氣氛又再度炒了起來 之後這個時候有個女同事 叫小勳 小勳立刻想說 乾脆他就幫大家點了一首嗨歌 小勳是一個不喜歡唱歌的人 但是他喜歡聽別人唱歌 所以他就 有時候在KTV場合 就是會有這種人 他點歌 然後他自己點 但是卻說 這個我不會唱 有沒有誰會唱 大家一起唱 大家一起來玩 所以他就點了這首 This is a journey into sound 男生都上來 男生都上來 男生都上來 快點 阿迪亞 大強 阿強
(44:07~45:07) 還有阿民 上台 太強不忘 會被撞到地上 陰狼太強不忘 會被撞到地上 抽離身體 放於自己
(45:07~46:17) 地心引力抓不住你 抽離身體 放於自己 地心引力抓不住你 抽離身體 放於自己 地心引力抓不住你 Yeah 陰狼這首歌 把大家都嗨得起來 但是接下來 這個 小藍呢 他其實呢 有一首歌 他也是點了很久 因為前面的歌太多了 好不容易終於輪到他 所以他又唱了 這是小藍 發自內心 想點了一首歌 孫彥芝的我懷念的
(46:17~47:18) 偶然我 還是明白你一步想問為什麼 想問為什麼 我不再是你的快樂 但是為什麼 卻哭笑說我懂了 總算長長將人拖著 把愛都走去走 假裝了解雙胞 真相帶去落落 讓 baby 失去難受 我懷念的是無話不說 我懷念的是一起做夢 我懷念的是真嘲 以後還是想要 愛你的衝動 我記得那面 so much 也記得那一首歌 記得那片星空
(47:18~48:20) 最近的用處 最暖的胸口 誰記得 小藍他一邊唱 一邊臉淚流了下來 阿民忍不住也看了他一眼 手上拿著啤酒 不知他什麼時候早就喝完了 但他仍然不敢放下來 就這樣靜靜地 看著小藍流眼淚 不再是你的快樂 看著為什麼 卻哭笑說我都懂了 自尊成長江人拖著 把愛都走去走 假裝了解雙胞 真相帶去落落 讓 baby 失去難受 我懷念的是無話不說 我懷念的是一起做夢 我懷念的是掙扎以後 還是想要愛你的衝動
(48:20~49:20) 我記得那年生日 也記得那一首歌 記得那片星空 最近的用處 最暖的胸口 誰忘了 我懷念的是無言感動 我懷念的是絕對炙熱 我懷念的是你很激動 抽獲原諒 抱個我都痛 我記得你在背後 也記得我著頭著 記得感覺上有 最累的煙火 最終的相擁 誰愛的太自由 誰過頭太冷 誰拉住我的心 誰忘了 那就是沉默 誰股股股走 誰忘了看著我
(49:20~50:21) 誰讓愛變成 drug 誰忘了要給你溫柔 At this time, everyone was paying attention to Xiao Lan. No one knew why she was crying. In the case of Amin, Amin was watching her. But Amin was always watching Xiao Lan. So no one knew. No one noticed. Amin was always watching Xiao Lan. Everyone knew how Xiao Lan would be. Because the song touched her feelings. She cried. I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad.
(50:21~51:22) I was so sad. When I finished singing this song, I didn't expect to be able to sing the next song. Usually, in the company, there are few talkative, but there is one person who forgot to sing the next song. Amin took up the microphone. She said, I was the one who made this song. Everyone's emotions have not been changed yet. Xiao Lan was just crying. Everyone felt she had to stop and do a little thing to comfort her. But she found that Amin began to sing because she couldn't talk. Everyone felt sorry and refused to watch her performance. Amin also saw alone and began to sing this song. I never regret The beautiful meeting I thought I would be your romantic love The only and forever love story
(51:22~52:33) I never talk about love I sing and sing very well I sing with Lin Yi-Dian There are two The eyes of the mountains The double eyelids Why do you cry so hard Crying so hard
(52:33~53:33) I never regret The beautiful meeting I thought I would be your romantic love The only and forever love story I never talk about love I sing and sing very well I never talk about love I think I would be your romantic love The only and forever love story I never talk about love I sing and sing very well
(53:33~54:36) The eyes of the mountains The double eyelids Why do you cry so hard Crying so hard I met my husband 20 years ago He was married to me half a year ago He didn't go home 3 months ago He didn't dare to talk to others But he couldn't bear it I love a person who doesn't go home I'm waiting for a moment The eyes of the mountains The double eyelids Why do you cry so hard Crying so hard
(54:36~55:47) I never regret The beautiful meeting The eyes of the mountains The double eyelids Why do you cry so hard Crying so hard In fact, we are all fools
(55:47~56:51) In fact, we all know the tricks of others Nothing is different, the bone is soft The tip of the tongue is shy Just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a fool Love is not so wrong Love is not so wrong We are all fools Love is hurt Believe it's not the same But it's hurt again We are all fools We are hurt but we don't surrender Believe it's not the same
(56:51~57:52) But it's just a fool In fact, we all know the tricks of others Nothing is different, the bone is soft The tip of the tongue is shy The tip of the tongue is shy Just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef
(57:52~58:58) Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef Maybe it's just a little bit of beef We are all the same, hurt but not surrender
(58:58~60:01) I believe that happiness will have a price, a price is just a sentence D الأ change 这时候呢 整个包厢都陷入了非常微妙的一个气氛 老板呢其实在这个两首歌之前呢 就已经 因为喝太多酒 昏倒了 直接躺在旁边睡觉 他完全不知道发生了什么事情 他错过了小蓝 也错过了爱咪哭的时刻 更错过了南德小萱亲自唱歌的时候 但就在这个时候呢 突然另外一首歌前奏也跟着 就是进来了 大家想说这首歌谁点的啊 大家都说这不是我的哦 这也不是我的呢 谁的歌 这首阿迪阿突然之间 刚刚抽完烟 走进来 他说我的啦 拿起了麦克风 准备要唱这首歌 这我要唱的 我要唱的 干麦罗斯话干 林俊啦
(60:01~61:06) 我是雨下在你身上 我是虚了自己的形状 我看到了把爱情的模样 曾经孤单的旁望 曾经相信 曾经失望 你穿过了匆匆的迷惘 那爱的谎仗 终于要解放 你是谁 找我狂烈 找我勇敢的挑战全世界 在一样的设定里面 一样有爱与被爱的感觉 我爱谁 你所谓
(61:06~62:20) 没有谁能将爱情获得些 在一样的设定里面 一样的魔力却是更加烈 阿迪阿祖说 阿民大哥 我要跟你讲一件事 我喜欢你 我以前都不敢跟别人讲这件事情 但今天晚上既然大家都这样了 那我也要跟你说 我喜欢你 虽然我们有一样的身体 但是我一样有爱与被爱的感觉 我知道你跟我不一样 你不会喜欢我 还是要把这个感觉跟你说 阿民大哥 我爱你
(62:20~63:23) 找我勇敢的挑战全世界 在一样的设定里面 要有爱与被爱的感觉 我爱谁 你所谓 阿民大哥 我要跟你讲一件事 我喜欢你 我爱谁 你所谓 没有谁能将爱情化解决 在一样的设定里面 一样的魔力却是更加烈 Yeah yeah yeah 你失去大的海啊 我是与下在你身上
(63:23~64:36) 我是去了自己的形状 我看到远方 爱情的模样 阿民大哥 你这辈子永远都是我的阿尼基 Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Yeah yeah yeah
(64:36~65:37) L I have a guest tonight. I'm buying a song. I want to sing as much as I can. Tomorrow is the day after tomorrow. I have to go to work in the afternoon. You can sleep late in the morning. The boss is responsible. Everyone sings. The boss is finished. He is the one who asked me. I thought the boss was paying. But the boss decided to pay. He scared me. Then another song came in. It was A-Min's song. A-Min also made up his mind. He thought Since everyone is so brave today. He also wants to make a little expression. He wants to tell Xiaolan The thoughts of his heart. So he ordered this song. The spring rain in the rain.
(65:37~66:38) The rain falls in the second season of the full day. You and I will not respond. Your hands are red and your eyes are red. The road is full of endless memories. I want to be brave and protect you. I don't want you to suffer and cry. Those painful memories. Fall in the spring rain. The sun is on the ground. Open the next flower shop. The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. I'm sorry.
(66:38~67:41) I have never replied to Xiaolan's feelings. Because I know I know that Daqiang likes Xiaolan. But Daqiang is my good friend. Love and pain become memories. The past is full of flowers. Waiting for the end. I will remember the courage. I will protect you well. I don't want you to suffer and cry. Those painful memories. Fall in the spring rain. The sun is on the ground. Open the next flower shop. The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory.
(67:41~68:42) Let us go to the stars. I want Xiaolan. I don't want you to suffer and cry. Those painful memories. Fall in the spring rain. The sun is on the ground. Open the next flower shop. The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. Those painful memories. Fall in the spring rain. The sun is on the ground. Open the next flower shop.
(68:42~69:46) The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. Let us learn to cherish. Let us go to the stars. The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. The brother falls in the memory.
(69:46~70:46) The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. The thunder in the wind. The brother falls in the memory. Let us go to the stars. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind.
(70:46~71:46) The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind.
(71:46~72:52) The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. The thunder in the wind. 摔除地狂气 碧莊 The cell Colin족 barely kept his hand in Colin족 mentioned that tonight he will now perform Can I sing both of my songs? Yeah I just sang If I only sing with their evil angles
(72:52~73:57) 关注我们的恋恨 一生就斩断了回头的路程 我就是要唱 爱无法均分 以后就留给你们 也许用伤害结束 爱太更动人 容忍的人其实并不笨 只是宁可对自己残忍 既然爱不能很稳 祝福就给你下一个人 你是好人也是个坏人 对我坦诚只为了朝他狂奔
(73:57~75:16) 不能反忍所以反朗 这点痛我还能忍 不是好人也是个坏人 能够恨你才有借口转身 宁愿爱一点不胜 也不忍看恋人太成怒人 爱的人其实并不笨 爱的人其实并不笨 爱的人其实并不笨
(75:16~76:19) 被别人欺负说话又没有燃料 所以我决定去学太拳道 辛苦了多年终于被他找到 每一个都给我打台拳道 哈哈哈哈 就算是李小龙也倒也倒倒 哈哈哈哈
(76:19~77:20) 哈哈哈哈 我阿梨家人啊 好不够 顽总使用 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha jü los oh OH yeah oh oh oh oh зач ye pieces we so standing
(77:20~78:21) serve you significa it largely yo can worthy we yet ke le 啵啵啵啵啵啵 經過了激情的一晚 大家好像在最後的這個台權道裡面 好像恢復了一個平靜 好像覺得剛剛我們那邊又哭又鬧的 在那邊抓馬到底是為了什麼呢 老闆這個時候也乾淨說 欸好啦我就買到這個時間 大家差不多也該回家睡覺了吧 太晚太晚了我老婆等一下生氣了 所以她就跟大家講 欸所以我已經結帳了 這個大家可以走了 大家心裡想說不是講好說 想要唱到幾點都可以嗎 老闆居然說要自己結帳 老闆還問說 有人還要留下來唱嗎 有人要留下來唱 欸我真的不行我不能再走了 所以我剛已經這個信用卡結帳了 所以如果有人要唱的話 啊你們等一下有多多少 你們自己先結
(78:21~79:21) 好不好就這樣了 那我先走了 老闆就這個時候離開了 大家心裡想說老闆不付錢 那還要唱嗎 現在錢這麼難賺 算了啦 今天就到此為止吧 於是大家也紛紛的就開始收拾東西 然後準備離開 然後就在大家紛紛都穿好了衣服 然後背上了背包 然後走到了這個門外 準備要結束今天的行程的時候 最後一首歌突然出現 但是其他人都已經走掉了 只有還在最後確認有沒有人掉東西的 負責照顧大家的小薰還在現場 包廂只剩下小薰一個人 這個是小薰一個人的最後一首歌 其實小薰也喜歡阿民很久了 但他從來都不敢跟別人講這件事情
(79:21~80:21) 今天晚上他看到阿民跟小藍告白 太默不冷你對我嘆惡冷酷熱 會到底是情人還是朋友 愛你是否不該太認真 That's why 念古我終於學得為你放開手 因為愛你愛到我心痛 但你卻不懂我 Let it go 你對著的軟弱與太多 但有懷疑你是否愛過我 真的愛過我
(80:21~81:21) 為你再也找不到藉口 I'm always sure you'll let it go 愛你是呼吸的空氣 從離不來的低息引力 在我生命中曾經是我 存在的原因 或許就像他們說 愛情只會讓人變愚蠢 做多親愛的太天真 That's why I'm let it go 我終於學得為你放開手 因為愛你愛到我心痛
(81:21~82:24) 但你卻不懂我 Let it go 你對著的軟弱與太多 但有懷疑你是否愛過我 真的愛過我 為你再也找不到藉口 I'm always sure you'll let it go 你對著的軟弱與太多 但有懷疑你是否愛過我 真的想著 幸福安全越沸騰 我無助 好想哭 我找不到退路 在夜深眼睛裡閉著 心慢慢卻越變了 我不恨 你不哭 我的眼淚再微哭乾了 That's why I'm let it go
(82:24~83:26) 我終於學得為你放開手 因為愛你愛到我心痛 但你卻不懂我 Let it go 你對著的軟弱與太多 但有懷疑你是否愛過我 真的愛過我 為你再也找不到藉口 That's why we should let it go 你生了 We should let it go When Amy sang this song She saw the door of the KTV box office And saw Amy
(83:26~84:27) She quietly held Xiaolan's hand She kept her eyes on the door And left Xiaoxun alone She sang the chorus This is the KTV story of Love Online Company Thank you so much for listening I wonder if you enjoyed it I hope that our KTV EP2 story will be the same It will lead to victory I hope that you will like it The next story is not necessarily about love There may be different settings Today I have a question You know what I'm saying I haven't thought about what to do next I have to say that KTV songs are easy 8-9% are love songs So it's hard to compare with love songs But there is no possibility that there is a love song I don't know I'm thinking Will the next episode be all about men? But it's not gay
(84:27~85:27) It's all about men It's interesting What kind of songs will men sing? I'll share it with you That's it I have to say it I have to say it No need Today's KTV story is about to end Let's see There are few messages today Actually there are Sss 79313 He said I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it I think 20-30 people are already online 20 people are already online I have to say it But there are not many people If there are 30 people There are about 2,000 people online 2,000 people And there are probably tens of thousands
(85:27~86:28) How do I choose 30 people? It's a bit difficult But I'll think about it Who was it before? The KTV event I heard that it was a happy event I haven't sung for a long time In fact, I don't sing very well I don't speak Thai very well Sometimes I just speak it to everyone I have a chance to speak Thai well and sing well Everyone believes me Then Oshavik said I have to say it I was sent to the police station I didn't get to see the police station I was lucky to be here He also wished everyone a happy new year Then Ano Ling said I have to say it Thank you Ano You have been here for more than 4 months How long has it been? 5 years It's too strong I have to say it I have to say it
(86:28~87:28) I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it 6.1 I have been here for 3 months I saw you during the special occasion I was working at the police station I have no idea if you recommended me 5.1 I have to say it I have to say it I have a chance I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it I have to say it Basically You can search online For dinner I have a small meal I have a bit of egg noodles and a Thai fruit soup I think both are good. The two styles are not the same. If you go to the South Taiwan Sea to eat egg rolls,
(87:28~88:28) I would suggest you order various dishes. It's the best. You can choose rice or rice. I personally don't like the rice. I don't think the style is the problem of South or North Taiwan. I think it's not my favorite. But if you want to pick one in the community, I think the strongest rice here is the rice with the egg rolls. I think the rice with the egg rolls is really good. Of course, if you look at the whole Taiwan, you can't find the rice with the egg rolls. But at least in the community, I think it's the best. There is a place where you can sell fried rice. I don't know what it's called. There are some rice with the egg rolls. I think that one is on the East Street. That one is good. It's good. It's good. The TYL says you are smart. I don't know what happened.
(88:28~89:28) I believe it's good. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. You. I love you. I love you. Thank you for watching. Thank you. You. OK. OK. This week, I am going to a audience. Actually, there is a audience in Taiwan. It's named Andy. He opened a ramen restaurant called Sheng Long Xuan. He said he has a message on the live stream. He said you can try it. I have a Google Map on it. I went to the filming site. It's delicious. It's a good restaurant. It's a good restaurant. But the most important thing is I remember
(89:28~90:28) he was my audience. I was happy to go there. He asked me to sign the contract. I was happy. He didn't say anything. He said he is a man. He said he can hug me. I thought I felt the hug. I don't know who opened the door first. Anyway, one of them said let's hug. We hugged. He was happy. He said, Guan Ji, you are like a fish. He said, what does it mean? He didn't see it. Some people may think it's cute. But some people may think it's a big fish. It's a long-distance fish. Some people may think it's scary. He said, I want to bite you into the bottle. I was thinking what does it mean? I didn't get the point. I just understand it's a way to
(90:28~91:28) make you happy. It's cute. I want to bite you into the bottle. What does it mean? It's a bit scary. For example, P.K.W. He is a little awkward. He asked to eat. He said, I don't want to go to that. I lost everything in the end. I was happy. I was happy. I lost everything in the end. I was happy. Then, Wen Hao Wu. He is a little awkward. But he is very busy. Yes. In the office, there are few people who can be satisfied. There are few people who are a little bit crazy. But in the end, I think I am more than crazy. Many people who didn't come to the acting and the whole process didn't notice.
(91:28~92:28) People told me that the staff and the staff already knew. They only knew that I was the last one. I was the last one to know. I was so scared. The secretary said, I was still in Thailand for an hour. I forgot. It's okay. But the secretary is great. I think you are in the same year as you. You are still in Taiwan. In Taiwan, I have been to the third level. I was so busy. You have to go there. I was killed countless times by the workers. I was taken away by the brave. I was with the brave mother. The last one is the youth's first period. I have seen the second one. It's not bad. It's great. Why I was with the brave mother? Think about it. It's good. I remember the second part of the story.
(92:28~93:29) I was killed countless times by the workers. I saw the title. I didn't get my interest. I didn't see it. I will show it tonight. He said he didn't hear the song. He didn't get the title. The lyrics are good. I heard the song. I noticed that the people who are rational will like the song. I think it's good to find the right people. It's reasonable. Masumi said she will listen to her boss's singing. The lyrics are good. She will be in the third level. She will go out again. She can't participate in the live broadcast. She will be a new year's boy. Happy Chinese New Year. No matter who is Chinese or Lunar New Year. I think it's okay. I hope that there will be more live broadcasts. There will be a chance to meet the new year. coordinating Aslectric
(93:29~94:38) '. Aren't you excited about it. Yang SanFian is the representative of the Pokémon series. What do you think I feel? Maybe it'll work. Let's look at it. Come on. That's 3.. 3 songs I'm going to sing a song called The Nightingale in the Sky Okay, let's do it Now Let's see The Nightingale in the Sky The Nightingale in the Sky I think I know this song Ha Ha Ha Ha
(94:38~95:39) Don't say I don't have a chance To love someone else My heart will be in peace Just twist my hand You're not a pro You turned 65 Oh, this song? Hi everyone.
(95:39~96:41) I bought this song yesterday, to see what you think was amazing. I'm so happy to go to Hong Kong for the first time. And on Saturday, I'm going to attend the 3rd Episode of the 3rd episode of the TV series, which I promote as Amy, which is super cute. Everyone is playing it, and this year, I have the feeling that I'll have a good year. So, I hope that this year, I can have a happier and successful career. Lastly, I hope that I can wish me a happy birthday on January 28th. I'm going to say happy birthday to Tianhe Akito. And then, C-H-I-E-N, and say, C-H-I-E-N, right? Dear friends, help me wish that I can have a happy birthday from Wang Feifei, and from Wang Zhuangzhuang, who is a boy. Wow, everyone has a face, right? Then we are from the old couple who ran away from the love of the steel man last year. How was that time? Let me think about it. I was 30 years old, so it should be more than 10 years. 10 years, 10 years, 10 years. Alright, on this side, wish Wang Zhuangzhuang a happy birthday.
(96:41~97:41) Hey, man. I don't care if I'm impossible. I miss you so much. 0.03. I wish you a happy birthday. How long has it been? I've been missing you for 4 years. I miss you so much. The smart cat said, Good night, this month is going to be a big day. This month is going to be a big day. Oh, I get it. I work 12 hours a day, and I work 6 hours a week. I finally get to live stream. Can I say, smart cat, come on. Smart cat, come on. The shooting will end. You will make it. You are the best. Then, Cheng Rang said, Thank you, happy birthday to you. Thank you for watching the live stream today. Alright, thank you Cheng Rang. I finished all the work with us. Then, this Nikosh, he said, thank you, I missed the plane at 9 o'clock. I was on the plane at the airport. I heard the live stream until the next morning. I just listened to a long story. I hope everyone can have a happy new year.
(97:41~98:42) Finally, I prepare for the happy new year. Happy New Year, Boss. I hope you can get the next flight. And then, you have to wait until the next morning. Thank you. I hope you can have a good rest. The airport may have some mysterious corners. It will be more comfortable than other places. You have to find it. Because I have never done this before, so I don't know where the corner is. I need to draw some strength. I don't know if there are any cross-country airports. If there are budget, you can consider the cross-country airport. It's a very special experience. Okay, I'm here. I'm ready to say good night to everyone. Everyone, thank you. Next week... Next week? Or next week? Next week? I think it's the New Year. Don't expect everyone to be happy new year. Next week? I haven't decided what the theme is. We'll talk about it next week. Okay, that's it for today's live stream. I have a short break. I have to say goodbye to everyone. I'll see you in the next video.
(98:42~99:13) Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
