(00:00~01:17) Well, I guess this must be a terrible day. Next time. Work things out. Right. Werks. Here. Oh Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom,
(01:17~02:32) ba de sa yeah, o sas I Run
(02:32~03:36) Fighter not I think my voice and microphone are a bit subtle or different, you can adjust it adjust it to perfect but it takes about 0.1 or 0.2 seconds I always want to adjust it, but I forgot ok Wait, I thought of something I definitely got them recorded we actually didn't have any upload sooo well I don't need respect to you, but still Here I come I'm going to start at work Today, I'm going to review the shows reworked photos of I just want to tell him that no matter if it's comic books or a novel, or anything, you can spend some time reading something. You can have more chance to make it more cultural.
(03:36~04:41) So I think that I'm working hard to introduce the content of this episode. I've been reading it recently. It's not only worth recommending to everyone, but you must be watching it. You don't have to watch something better. It's not like that. It's like I have limited attention. I have something I've been watching. I think it's good to recommend it to you. And the Spring Festival holiday is coming up in September. You must know that there is no holiday in 2025. So this is the last time you can spend so many days at home. So if you just want to spend time at home, and you don't have time to spend time at home, then you can have some time to read the content I've been providing. If you haven't watched it yet, you will be very lucky. Next, you can have a great chance to do it. After all, the Spring Festival is coming up. I'll tell you about the Spring Festival holiday. But I still have a live broadcast on the second day of the Spring Festival holiday. So you don't have to worry. Someone just asked this question. But it's almost New Year's Eve, so many people will send me some gifts. Biscuits, candy, peanuts, and so on. I received a gift today. I don't know how to say it.
(04:41~05:42) A friend of mine is a manufacturer of various周邊商品. He helped me a lot this year. So I'm very grateful to him. He gave me a gift. I was thinking about it. This should be the周邊 he helped me with. But he just sent me a hand light. You know, I don't usually go to any event, like idol, singer, music, or whatever. I never go to any event or take any signboard. I've never done anything like that. So I don't know why he sent me a hand light. But this hand light is like this. I don't know if you can see this. It's a signboard of Taiwan. What's written on it? Keep K&T away from Taiwan. The National Party is not good. I'm thinking about this. What does this mean? I think... I'm very grateful for this gift. I don't think I can agree with the information he wrote.
(05:42~06:45) But I don't think I can agree with him. I just took a box out and put it on my hand. I don't think I can do this. But I'm very grateful. A gift for me. Thank you. And this is the end of this special episode. I can share with you... I read a white news recently. It's a bit boring. It's a bit political. But it's too absurd. I think it's not political. I don't know if you remember. I think it's a bit crazy. It's called the Pongwen-Zhen. It's a social status. It's a professor and a famous speaker. It's a popular figure. But one day it's crazy. It's really crazy. It's crazy about the language. Of course, a national figure... Does he know how to read? Is his academic background true? It's really meaningful. So I think... If anyone has any questions about this... And I think it's okay to pursue his authenticity.
(06:45~07:45) But he spent a very unreasonable experience and time... He didn't stop proving this. But he didn't get a hidden evidence. And usually people may say... Okay, you spent half a year and a half. And then you realize there's really no hidden evidence. And the social language doesn't support you. This thing is actually over. But it's a bit like that crazy... There will be some kind of conspiracy theories on society. They will be crazy. They will think they can't accept it. There are foreign people in the world. There's the underground government. There are various kinds of things. They will think it must be a problem. So they've been pursuing it for a long time. I still remember... After the second time in蔡英文's election in 2018... He seemed to be pursuing this... 2020. Sorry, 2020. He's been pursuing this thing for two or three years. He's never stopped. I thought it was crazy. I'm not saying he's wrong. There's no absolute truth in this world. He's a real pioneer. He found everything he said after 20 years. But it's not important.
(07:45~08:45) Because to me... I'm not talking about the story. I'm just talking about a premise. In this background... 蔡英文's position in history... has nothing to do with his education. If one day he proves his education is fake... I think it's just a bit of a bit of a difference. It's just that this person is lying. But it's not his life... that he did things... that he didn't do through his education. It's also what he did later. So although he lied to me... I'll deduct some points from him. But I still will make sure that... everything he did in my mind... is not like this. Because of this theory... I told him... that everything he did... was all a lie. I don't think it will happen. Let's go back to the story. I think Peng Wenzheng did something funny. I don't know if you've seen this. He sent a message... or what? He said that he was invited...
(08:45~09:47) to attend the party... of Trump's old man. Or party. He kept saying... I'm an important person. I'm invited by Trump. What I said was really a big deal. I sent a picture of him. But then he caught me... and said that the picture was... from the dog. I was like... I thought... it was funny. You keep telling me... that he was a fake. How could he attend Trump's party? I'm kidding. I just thought he was a pervert. I can't help but tell you about this. Then he said... What? Are you okay? Who are you? It's not necessarily a strategy. Many people have this feeling. Because there are only two comments... I can't judge... the authenticity. Is he a liar? I'll tell you about my psychological situation later. I'll tell you later. I saw a funny message recently.
(09:47~10:47) It's funny. This is related to politics. In Taiwan... there's a police... who was found... by a drug dealer. He searched online... and found that someone was selling... a coffee bag. I don't know what it is... but it's a kind of drug. He used the way of packing the bag. I didn't know... but I asked someone else. He said it's like... a coffee bag. He just drank it... and used it to suck the drug. Someone found out that he was selling... a coffee bag. So he decided to buy it. He was really a drug dealer. He ordered the coffee bag... and he got it. I got it. I couldn't find it. I got the drug. The person said... no, I'm selling you. It's a coffee bag.
(10:47~11:47) You should try it. It's not a coffee bag. But the person was still sued. The police immediately... changed him to a drug dealer. He sued the court. The court has been closed. This is true. I was laughing when I heard it. I heard the first reaction... when I heard the story. Is this drug dealer really a criminal? I think it's a logical reason. Although... his drug behavior is fake... he claims he's a criminal. But he's not a criminal. It's a real matter... that causes other people's financial loss. So the police... kept all the drugs... and used the drug... to the last person. They closed the fraud. They spent a lot of money... and spent millions. They bought a coffee bag... and went home. But what's really bad...
(11:47~12:47) is that they didn't even have a coffee bag. So I think it's a... a pretty absurd news. I'll share it with you. Then... Then... What did I just say? I'm going back now. I want to talk about my psychological state. I think I've been... a little bit secretive lately. Some people think... they're using the right way to detoxify me. They think... I'm happy. Some people think... I'm a little bit worried. They think I'm weird. Maybe I'm a bit... a bit arrogant. I don't have to keep talking. I'm actually... I don't know the answer. I haven't been taking medicine. I'm not in control of this. I've been feeling... a little bit bad. I feel... I'm really low. It's like this.
(12:47~13:47) I can't... I'll say it first. But normal people have this... a lot of negative emotions. Not only illness, but also normal people. I don't have a lot of negative emotions. But these days... I think... I've been... I've been... very patient for a year or two. Although I'm not a patient. I've said a lot of things that are not serious. I'm also in control of my frequency. I don't want to make you unhappy. But I don't think it's helpful. I'm the worst person in the eyes of a patient. I'm a bad person. I want to say... I don't need to endure. I've endured for two years. I didn't wash anything. What do I have to endure? I don't want to endure. I've written A, B, C, D. I didn't write a single article. I just suddenly felt...
(13:47~14:47) a little happy. Because there's this... I'm not sure what it feels like. But I don't know why. I'm happy. Then I talked to Dila. I asked Dila if I couldn't tell. I can't tell. I'm in a state of excitement. Not excitement. I'm happy. Because I'm in a state of high and low. I'm in a state of high and low. So I'm in a state of happiness. So I'm in a state of happiness. Or I've really changed. Or I've really changed. Then Dila told me. I think it's a hold. Because I think you're the kind of person who needs to be on the battlefield. That's why you're happy. So you're now... I'm in a bad mood. For example, someone will comment below. Why am I so angry? I thought I really didn't. Because I told Dila. I just feel like I'm playing with the captain. And he's the captain.
(14:47~15:47) This is my inner feeling. If others don't think so. Then I think it's all the captain's judgment. But you know, in my heart. I really feel like I'm playing with the captain. But the captain... The captain is the captain. I want to rap about everything they told me not. I want to hop every fence never getting caught. I want to bend every single fucking willing to. Half of me, nigga, other half of you. I want to tell the fresh fuck how they paint us all. Then I catch myself scrolling on my favorite blog. Want to fall in love with someone but can't let them fall? Scared of myself but I ain't scared of laws. I tell them humans I can flex. Can't paint us with simple complexes. Putting us in boxes if certain niggas are raxes. Living from an L just only make it a lesson. But some of our expenses only leave us for stress and self. I like to be a little bit more serious. There's only leave us for stress and self. I got a homie who just sitting here. Watch the world with all the time passing them by. This crazy high mask can get marching a lot. That's why I'm from this care to live and ready to die. Yuck. Y'all know what it is.
(15:47~16:47) Three inches. Chicago. Chicago. What's up, bro? Me, I stay sucker free in the land of lollipops. I'm a G that make G's with a lot of glocks. Rear bone, head long, thicker than a plot. If I pick up, she say she down and give me top. From the whack where if it's cold and it's really hot. Streets don't love you, but niggas still hug the block. Jam and Sin, no ice, make it a double shot. Double resolution testers, cause you know we reckless. High body, these goofy splodging, they soft as feathers. Rotten games, snitching lambs and up like mecca. Free smoke, get it bussing like a double decker. Being broke ain't the mood, you gotta know we check. Made it go for dinner and smoke go for breakfast. Out here sending a live prayer and the Lord blesses. Sack the profit and go get fresh with the odd extras. If it ain't about money, I'm not gonna give you money. I'm not gonna give you money. Sack the profit and go get fresh with the odd extras. If it ain't about money, then you can keep the lecture. Niggas Lord be helpful, still says pressure. What's garbage to one could be another treasure. Ain't for none, where I'm from, they would whatever. Crazy world, there hurt you to make them better. So what you like to, some tolerance, better get your chatter. I'm with her and her friend, they gon' get hit together. Growing up in the land, gotta be tough as leather.
(16:47~17:47) Once blood been spilled, then it's on forever. Let's do this. I like how that's done. Wake up, wake up. Closer, closer. You know, it's better. I'm with her and her friend, they gon' get hit together. I'm with her and her friend, they gon' get hit together. So what you like to, some tolerance, better get your chatter. What's garbage to one could be another treasure. Ain't for none, where I'm from, they would whatever. Crazy world, there hurt you to make them better. So what you like to, some tolerance, better get your chatter. Ain't for none, where I'm from, they would whatever. Crazy world, there hurt you to make them better. So what you like to, some tolerance, better get your chatter.
(17:47~18:47) I'm with her and her friend, they gon' get hit together. So what you like to, some tolerance, better get your chatter. I'm with her and her friend, they gon' get hit together. So what you like to, some tolerance, better get your chatter. Everyone hella for ride, where I'm from, they scared to live and ready to die. Damn. Yeah, whiskey and my coffee. Yeah, but let me tell you, I didn't drink much today. Because this is just my day, because I'm really busy with work. And I have everything every day, so I get up pretty early. So today, I slept for five hours, I slept for four hours today. Not because I'm not sleepy, I just didn't have time to sleep. And then, I only slept for five hours the day before. So I think, let me think about it, today I'm drinking this. This is one of my favorite tea shops, one or two hours ago. And then I'm drinking this, thank you, this is a bottle of beer. Life tea. Life tea. Night cat, raise your body. Night cat, raise your body. So let me think about it, today I'm not drinking. Today, I'm not drinking. Anyway, it's okay, I think many people have a big misunderstanding. When I drink, I get confused. Actually, everyone is completely wrong.
(18:47~19:47) Even if I don't drink, I get confused. Many times, you think I'm drunk, many people think I'm drunk on the screen. Actually, I'm not drunk at that time. So I really don't drink. I'll say first that I don't feel very good. But because I know I'm very good, so I usually drink very sneaky, very cunning, drink a very good amount. But you know, if I look like, I hope I look a little bit crazy, I will be crazy. But in fact, I really don't drink, I'm not drunk at all. No, I'm telling you, in the past five years, even ten years, only once, it's true, I'm not a fool. That's the time I was in the White Forest. Probably the past year or the past year. The past year, when I was in the White Forest, that time was real, completely real, I'm not a fool. And even in my life, I've never drunk so much. Then I met the White Forest a few days ago, they also told me that, actually, after that time, even when I look very arrogant, very cunning, and very cunning, and very cunning,
(19:47~20:47) I've been in the White Forest for two years, until now. Because sometimes, when you think about it, it's still scary. So in the past, it was just a bottle of micro-sci-fi, and everyone drank it, now every time he drinks a bottle, he will think about it. That's the teaching that I taught that time. Okay, I'll share with you all the boring things. Okay, next, we'll enter into the Chunjie boring journey. So, the boring journey, we'll start with the Chunjie department. Chunjie department. In the past, I think there was a very interesting place this time. There are two famous Internet celebrities who have recently recommended two Chunjie. And they are all in a situation that seems not very experienced. There is one that is... Okay, I can just say that, there is one that is DK. DK, I don't think he has mentioned his own personal video in the program. I didn't see it, but the problem is that the article on the thread left a message
(20:47~21:47) and it only replied to it. It just replied to it. It said that I think that Leoffice is very nice. It's like this. Leoffice is a drama series. It seems to have a 6th or 8th season. I already forgot a little bit. But because the first season is shorter, there are probably only 8 to 10 seasons. But from the second season, maybe in the second season, maybe 25 to 30 seasons. Anyway, it's very long. It's very long. So his amount is really very sufficient. And Leoffice recommended that Leoffice is a very old and old movie. And I think and because of his drama, it's not a bit like the popular aesthetic of Taiwanese people. So I think it's hard for him to be liked by everyone in Taiwan. But he didn't expect that he would be among the audience, the crew, the crew, and so I was thinking because of HBO's strong push,
(21:47~22:47) or other factors, DK is really amazing. He pushed Leoffice up. If you haven't seen it, you can really see it. Because if you don't believe me, you can also listen to DK. Next, I want to talk about a similar place with Leoffice. Who recommended him? I don't know which one is in the podcast. Because I didn't hear that one. But in the middle of it, he seems to have recommended a long time ago without this picture. I don't know, maybe 5 or 8 years ago, I watched a movie. And he actually said that the American people are really the enemy. The father is a ghost. The night is famous. The whole family is sick. And maybe a family of 5 children, I forgot. But every person has their own problems. But in the case of the elderly, the elder sister is responsible
(22:47~23:47) to raise other children. But every child is sick. But he also works hard to find a survival path in this society. But because of their state, it's really too low-level. So no matter how hard they work, they will feel that sometimes they are a bit disappointed. But suddenly, they give you a serious blow to get you to the bottom. So it's a little sad but not that simple. Because his elder sister is so beautiful. And because in some cases, the American bottom is logical. His sister is more open and more casual in terms of personality. She has a lot of love and affection. So it looks very pleasant. Because the elder sister is really beautiful. And one of the people I remember was the main character in the Big Bear restaurant. I forgot his name.
(23:47~24:47) I think he is a very important man in the US. But he was very tender and talented. Anyway, you can watch both of these. I think both are good. These two movies have a common feature. They are originally British movies. But now, they are translated into American movies. What you can find at the moment are American movies. If it's The Office, it's in HBO. If it's Schoenlitz, it's Netflix. If it's The Office, I'm not sure if it's the British version. If it is, you can recommend it to me. But you can find the British version in Taiwan. The main character of the British version is the original creator of this drama, Rick Ritchie Bass. I really want to watch his version. But I've only watched American version. I've only watched some movies in the British version. I feel sorry for him. I really want to watch the British version. I recommend these two movies. You can watch The Office and The Wichita. Both are very good. You can't watch them all in the spring. So this movie is enough for you.
(24:47~25:47) I have one more thing I remember. I just recommended it. It's in HBO. It's a good movie. It's a movie about a man and a woman. I think the movie is a good movie. The main character of the movie is an old lady. Her old lady is a big sister. She is a big sister. The old lady is usually in the middle of the movie. So she looks very sexy. And some actors may be in many movies and they often see some characters. They don't have to be actors. They have to be in many different characters. So you always think it's good. I've been against it for a while. But I really like science fiction. So I will click on it. It's really good. Some people may not like the movie version. The movie version is too slow. Or some religious emotions are too much. It's a bit too much.
(25:47~26:47) You can watch the British version. The British version is really good. But the British version is too slow. Because it's a movie. The cost of the movie is not as much as the movie. So it's not a big deal. But the main thing is the movie. The whole story is really interesting. The time is like the movie version of the movie. But the movie is really great. The movie is very good. Some people may not like the movie version. I will tell you. The movie version of the movie. The movie version is really great. So if you don't like science fiction, then you can watch the movie version of the movie. And I can also watch the season 2 of the movie. I haven't watched the season 2 yet. I will watch the movie version of the movie. But the season 1 is really good. So I'm looking forward to the season 2.
(26:47~27:47) I haven't watched the season 1 yet. You can watch the season 1. If you don't know the season 2, I will remind you. I will introduce it. I will introduce it. I think you can watch it. I want to introduce something. I have posted it on my Facebook. But I will remind you. The movie version of the movie. It's not a movie version of the movie. It's a movie version of the movie. I think the movie version of the movie is a movie version of the movie. I think you don't have to doubt it. The king must be the penguin. The person with the air. Don't joke with you. The king is definitely the king. And the king is the king. It's so good. No matter you like the king. Or you don't like the king. I can watch it. Because what is the king? It's a real movie. It's just a movie.
(27:47~28:47) There is no superpower. No mask. No costume. No costume. It's a movie version. But if you like the hero. You won't be disappointed. Because all the the main characters are so good. All the characters. The characters. The story of the characters. The story of the characters. Or the important setting. All the scenes are so perfect. For example, why is the penguin wearing a hat? Why? It looks so ugly. Why is it so ugly? All the reasons behind it. There are so perfect ways to bring it in. In the setting of the world view. But it won't make you think it's a play. It's like the real feeling disappears. In this movie. All the characters are not good. They are all bad. But every bad person makes you feel heartache. Or you like it.
(28:47~29:47) You will be heartbroken. You will think that you are bad. But you can't forgive. How can you do that? The whole world is a movie. It's a movie about the actor. It's like this. There is only one good person. You will feel heartbroken. You can watch it yourself. I think there is a great place in this movie. It's in the movie. Generally, in any movie. Sister and sister stand up. Woman and the actor. You will feel that there is such a thing. It's so hard to see. Is the first one correct? In this movie. There is no first one. But you will see it. After watching the series. The play. And then. It's on the sofa. There is a kind of. Full of. After the climax. You will ask yourself a question.
(29:47~30:47) Did he just have a woman's vision? There is such a story. He is very clever. He put something in the woman's vision. And at the end. When you are finished watching. It's like you are drinking or drinking coffee. The last fish. A little fish. Hit your heart. It's really strong. The female lead is really great. I really like the female lead. So thank you. Thank you HBO. You made such a wonderful work. If you have not seen it. Go watch it. The US military is definitely the Penguin. I think there are no other choices. I think there are some more. For example, the positive killer. The positive killer is just a lawyer. He is helping the black group. He helped to deal with some. The black group. The black group. The black society. But he is not guilty. He is just a lawyer.
(30:47~31:47) But he found his life was facing a lot of obstacles. So he decided to. Go to the new growth class. Like before. We heard some net red. To sing some songs. But I didn't expect this new growth class. It's very useful to him. He listened to some of those. If you only read. The content of his new growth class. You will feel that it's all some new soul chicken soup. There is nothing great. But I didn't expect this lawyer. Because I really believe. He used every teacher's thing. He used it in his life. He was getting better. There were some difficult places. He won all the games. He became the boss of the black society. How did this happen? You can see. It's interesting. It's not a classic. But it's interesting. I think it's good. This is HBO. I think it's been mentioned in some live broadcast. I think it's very good.
(31:47~32:47) It's about the movie. The movie crew is shooting. It's like. I want to say. It's in a big movie company. It's a super hero movie. But in the super hero series. It's not that important. Maybe if you are interested. You can watch it. But the main part. The relationship is more distant. The character series. It's a crew. They meet in the film crew. There are many things. It's a comedy. There is this. The movie crew. It's my favorite movie. It's the sixth season. I think it's the last season. If you want to watch the show. HBO has a thing. It's called the lion's milk. It's a live broadcast. It's a live broadcast. What is the lion's milk? Last year. I think.
(32:47~33:47) I don't recommend it. I recommend a wild one. It's a group of single mothers. Every one is. Maybe 45 years old. 45, 50 years old. Everyone is old. But the situation is pure. These single mothers. Take their son. To the show. All of them are single mothers. All of them are the sons of single mothers. These single mothers. Take their son. Go chase other single mothers. You will find. For example, I have a link. You can see those single mothers. All of them are blinded. Let those single mothers. Help all single mothers. To massage. Make some sexy massage. Let them massage their hands. The gentle massage. The touch. Or the technique. To feel that they are a good couple. Because it's a round.
(33:47~34:49) So everyone has a chance to get to their own mothers. And they are blinded. So they don't know who is their own child. Who is their own mother. So they have to guess each other. For example, they press the button. And they will say, I think I just pressed it. It's my mother. And it's not comfortable. It's really good. I tell you. I think in Asia. There should be no country. In Korea, Japan, Taiwan. There is a real show like this. On our channel. But in America. They are really good. They think it's okay. Let's do it. This is a story about your mother. Sorry I'm not talking about this. Because I don't talk about your mother now. But she really is. This story is about your mother. She is. Because she is 40 or 50 years old. She is 40 or 50 years old. So some people. Use a lot of life techniques. To improve and improve themselves.
(34:49~35:49) Some are more. More natural. See what kind of different types you like. I think it's very. This type of poetry. There are many types. So maybe. You can find a. You can have a heart. Not necessarily. You can get some extra fun. I will. Introduce the film. The last thing. If. You are curious. I don't think you should watch. But Netflix. Actually watch. The movie. The movie. The woman. The girl. The reason. The movie. Because they think. They don't understand. The history is a problem. So. Ask the company.
(35:49~36:49) Why the company is budgeted. You can watch. Maybe. For this. You can judge. Is it. A serious. Film. Just. Find this. I think I have been. Talked a lot. I will. I. Can't help. Some comments. For example. To help. Not. To. Not. To. Find. The film. Jing. The movie. To. Find. To. Find.
(36:49~37:49) Find. The film. to. Find. The film. To. Find. I want to tell you something. I don't understand why they do this. I have a saying. To make money, and sell everything, this kind of thing is very interesting. They just say, look, it's like this. They do it for money. I want to tell you something. I don't think so. Because in my heart, I watch A-pian every night. When I'm bored, I draw IG, I think that these people who are willing to take beautiful photos, willing to take A-pian people, whether it's boys or girls, they are all living things, they take care of the world. I can pay more prices and make them get more benefits. So for me,
(37:49~38:49) I just feel that my body is not good enough to take only fans or A-pian to entertain everyone. If I take only fans, everyone will be happy and willing to shake. If I take only fans, I will take only fans immediately. I won't hesitate. But I really feel that everyone don't talk about it. I won't. I like it. Don't talk about it. You guys are just talking about it. Or you will be too lazy. There are not many people. I tell you, for me, this is not for money or for the flow. I sell everything. I sell your soul. I don't sell my soul. I think that anyone in this industry I respect them. I treat them as friends. So is there any problem? I feel that you guys are very lack of attention. If you are in real life, you have a very high standard.
(38:49~39:49) A-pian don't even look at it. I respect you. If you are in the same time, you are not in the same time. I respect you. I just think that your problem is not the flow. It is not on your aesthetic point. If it is not on your aesthetic point, then don't look at it. I don't want to say anything to you. I am still angry. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you.
(39:49~40:49) I don't want to say anything to you. I don't want to say anything to you. I still like you. You are completely silent because of your behavior. You become a hateful color. You are so self-righteous. You are doing the right thing. You are doing the wrong thing. You are being too much. You are being too much. You are being too much. You are being too much. You are being too much. Stop talking.
(40:49~42:21) This song is from the Black Panther band from China. Don't mess with me. Black Panther is actually the old band from the Chinese rock band. But don't mess with me. Um This is what I'm mighty good about. And this is how I defeat you. Be desla wood
(42:21~43:22) Oh This is the real me I don't want to say more Don't come and save me Don't make me sad This is the real me I don't want to say more You forget Don't come and save me I don't want to hear you say
(43:22~44:23) This is the real me I don't want to say more Yeah, I'm talking to Freeman, so he's saying hello Don't come and save me I don't want to say more This is the real me I don't want to say more I'm talking to JC, the famous person who died in 2024 I'll do a live stream I'll do this live stream in February I think this is more important to organize the information I want to change a way to organize this year So I'm still doing experiments I can't say it Because who helped me before That's the... Cailing helped me I'm a bit busy with Cailing now I thought maybe Cailing helped me I'll change a direction AI, chat, GBT All kinds of people All three of them I want to study
(44:23~45:23) Which AI is the most suitable for this job Because I've tried chat, GBT before But it's hard for him to help me organize it very well But I'm still thinking Maybe my instructions are not good enough Or whatever So I'm actually trying Some other tools I want to get this tool to a correct answer If I need such a large amount of information to organize How can I make it look good And then it can meet my needs And can pick out the content I want Probably like this So I actually want to spend some time Doing this thing during the Spring Festival At the same time, I want to tell you Lonely and beautiful I'm editing a new episode And the structure is done Let me tell you first He's the content I've never tried So I have some things behind me that I didn't shoot well But I personally think it's quite interesting But the picture is not good Because it's in... I'm not explaining Anyway, it's like this I have a job And then I'll be out in the Spring Festival I'll be done in the Spring Festival Because I've already finished editing
(45:23~46:24) Okay, that's about it When I enter the next movie department I want to talk to you about something How to make you look like a cultured person Because I think a lot of people have some troubles Like I recently saw a famous Internet celebrity He's been on the show for three days I'm a non-cultured person I feel a bit sad when I see it I mean, you don't have to be so self-cultivated The first thing is that we don't feel like Everyone has to feel that they are cultured And it's not that culture is the only indicator of a good person This is not the point You know what I'm saying And then this... But how do you make others feel cultured? I want to talk about a point first Actually, the new episode will be on tomorrow So I talked about it earlier The concept is that Is there a culture thing? You can't say it yourself For example, I can't say I'm a cultured person You say this word and it will make others laugh It's so embarrassing This kind of culture can only be told by others That is, a person has culture
(46:24~47:24) Can only be decided through other's subjective comments Are you really cultured or non-cultured? There may be different opinions in different groups For example, I may be in the group of Internet celebrities They also think that I'm a non-cultured person I think this is all about the subjective opinion So I think it's okay But in the end, you have to judge others You can only decide if you are a cultured person So how do you make others feel cultured? Let others know you are a cultured person Of course, the first thing is You really have to see some meaning Let others feel that this thing is really Something very tasteful But of course If you used to not like watching movies You would watch Man Wee's The Fierce Man There's nothing wrong with that movie But if you look at this movie It's hard for you to think that you are a cultured person So what should you do at this time? But you are busy with the sea Now there are so many movie channels M.O.D. My Video HBO Catch Play What should you do?
(47:24~48:24) I'll tell you the first conclusion Catch Play has a special area And I found out later Actually, there are many M.O.D. There are many movie channels There is a special area There is also a private video It's called IMDB 8.0以上 God's Area They have this IMDB is a Foreign Film Information Center There are some movie reviews It's called audience voting I personally don't trust IMDB's voting The voting result The reason is Because I think it's a lot of audience voting Audience voting It's not a film It's audience voting Audience voting There is no inevitable failure In this audience voting mechanism Horror films The score will often be low Because they all think These films don't seem to have What deep regrets Won't get too high points But like the exciting 1995 This kind of thing will get super high points Why? Because his audience voting is very low That is, his movie It's actually really nice But it's not very difficult For example The skill of the narrative Or It's hard to understand
(48:24~49:24) The philosophy The philosophy of the truth There is no So it's easy to understand But it looks like There seems to be something meaningful And then it's good to see This kind of movie Will get super high points For me This is all about Not enough to have a fair image But it doesn't matter The middle finger in the IMDB Can get more than 8 points It's usually very good So you just have to go and see The top of the IMDB 8.0 The film inside 10 films Give me a look at three films You already have a chance Can talk about some fair words Can talk about some people Have you seen any movies recently? I think it's pretty good There are too many people watching the film So you may have a little laugh But you're in it In the three films At least Pick one or two films It's harder Less rare I think this is the chance People think it's A person with culture There's another key point I think it's important There are many platforms on M.O.D There are digital repair centers I tell you See digital repair centers Don't miss it You have to be a cultured person
(49:24~50:24) You have to see digital repair centers Because they are all super old films Because you know Because it's just a long time Why does it have to be digital repair? It must be because it's too old The one with the tape Put it on the platform It's not reliable So what do they have to do After digital repair Re-transfer it to High resolution 4K or what Re-release it You have to see the digital repair center It's super cool You know what I mean You watch digital repair movies You think You know You will see such classic things You have a taste I think this is a great thing But if Yes, someone just mentioned The seven-color lion This Red and white blue Three songs You just have a look You just talk about a seven-color lion Three songs from red and white You don't have to watch all three Just watch one of them Watch blue Blue I think is easier Easy to see It's easier to see And it's easier to accept Blue is also popular I think there are more people watching Just watch blue Just watch blue Just watch blue Just watch blue
(50:24~51:24) Just talk to someone else But you've seen red and white blue You have a lot of culture I tell you And the seven-color lion This name is a bit difficult to remember It's not the common American name So you know You can read it Everyone will think You know the seven-color lion Although I think The group with culture Really cool cool The seven-color lion It's a bit too much Not cool enough But it's okay You can speak out You're okay Then I'm going to tell you A most ultimate skill If you really don't want to The sea lao steam Don't want to watch so many things You just say Give me a movie Let me be a real cool guy Become a cultured person In this spring festival What can I do Come on, let me tell you The answer is You go and watch The record of the version of the dragon Now on the platform Should be found The record of the version of the dragon You just show it to him Then when others ask you What did you see in this spring festival You just tell people I saw the record of the version of the dragon He's my favorite music player Even if you've never seen him He's not afraid of his music It's okay to listen to his music It doesn't matter if it's not a special episode He's my favorite music player I admire music masters very much You know
(51:24~52:24) You know You know he used to go to the house Help you talk about a little story about the version of the dragon The version of the dragon The version of the dragon used to be a very favorite A high-class cooking restaurant And then he went to eat But his music was very bad He was angry How to do it directly I made a list for him Just say you'll give me this music in the future Music masters Leave this restaurant A legacy It's a version of the dragon You see how great this is You tell this story He said, wow, you really know Who is the version of the dragon You really understand You said at the same time I said, yeah, I have to watch every Christmas I'm going to watch it once I'm watching it on one side I'm touched on the other side I want to cry Because the person who played this movie at that time Is gone I tell you After talking about this Even if you are a full mouth Full of muscle A bunch of stimulation The guy who is not cultured In this moment In everyone's eyes You are all shining And even The stimulation on your body Just right You just said the version of the dragon Let you just be a monk I'm a super-rightist Cultured
(52:24~53:53) Cultured It's great I tell you This is the answer I give you Remember to watch the version of the dragon Recorded Say I love the version of the dragon Music And I will watch every Christmas Watch it once These three conditions Just pay attention to the The members of the cultured Kuku Group You will be taken by everyone The dragon of the Wen people I will invite you from now on Go to the snow house together Drink red wine together So great Do you want it That's it Okay Share this cultured thing For everyone Then hope No, right The Northern dance is still there Northern dance is still there I know the Northern dance is still there It's dead Then The movie part Let's take a break Just talking about the long part of the movie We'll talk about it later
(53:53~54:53) The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there
(54:53~55:53) The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there
(55:53~56:54) The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there
(56:54~58:10) The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there The Northern dance is still there
(58:10~59:12) This is a group of In the past few years, I didn't know much about Thailand. I didn't know about their history or development. But I've listened to Southeast Asian bands for a few years. I think there are some songs that are worth listening to. If you can open your ears and enjoy different cultures, I think it's a good thing. Someone is asking what music you listen to recently. I'm listening to Mary and the Numb. Do you know her? She's from Indonesia. Oh my god. It's okay. I think Indonesia is a good place to be. You can get in touch with her. She's a good girl. She's a great girl. I can't finish listening to American bands. I don't know many Japanese bands. I'm listening to Indonesia. I'm so nervous. I'm so excited. They're so good. Who was that? That hot guy.
(59:12~60:12) He asked a question. What does OG mean? Let me explain. OG is a little bit familiar. We may talk about some of the old seniors in the field. We might use OG as a word. It's not just a word. It's a good thing. But it's very powerful. We all respect it. It's originally called original gangster. It's a group of gang members. I'm a gang member today. They're the earliest gang members. They're the three-star gang members. They're the four-star gang members. They're five-star gang members. They're called OG, original gangster. They're from the American name. They're famous singers. They're all gang members. They're OG. They're used in music. If you're in a band or a field, you're a group of gang members.
(60:12~61:12) You're a creative person. You're a very early person. They're OG. Like Stoop Dog. They're the OG of the West Coast. They might say something like that. If I use... I'm thinking of people who use more anime. They can understand that. What's that called? If you use anime logic, it's the Stoop Dog. It's a normal Stoop Dog. But this isn't a normal Stoop Dog. It's a Stoop Dog. People who like anime can understand that. OG is the meaning of Stoop Dog. If you say that, it's more difficult to understand. You know what I mean. I think that's the reason why I'm saying Stoop Dog. It's the OG of the West Coast. But the problem is, under the相較, I might be in some people's perspective. Because some people might be in OG. But I'm not that OG. But if you talk about the sword,
(61:12~62:12) it's not OG. But it's not because the sword is not high, or it's not red, or powerful enough. Because it's not that old. It's not that old yet. It's probably like that. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. Let me share it with you. The movie. I'm sharing it on the platform. I've just watched two events. I think they're good. Let's take a look. First, if you're interested in politics, especially in the US, Trump, the president, I recommend you to take a step forward. It's a very valuable thing to watch. Because the US is actually being broadcast. Even if he's on the internet, some things might be deleted. Why? Because he's talking about the young generation of Trump. Because the US is a liar. Because Trump is the president again. And he's a series of
(62:12~63:12) weird-looking people. Many people are curious about how he's going to be today. So they're going to take a step forward to tell the story of Trump. But because he's afraid of the US. If he's looking for a director in the US to film this, most of the directors are very cultured. There must be political power. There are very few cultured people who don't have political power. Maybe he's more a free-spirited person. Or maybe he's a conservative. But in the end, he must have a power. The things that have power are that they're looking for directors from the Middle East. Not Americans. They're looking for foreign directors to film Trump. Foreigners might be looking for information on the Internet. They might be looking for the stories of his friends and his friends.
(63:12~64:12) They're looking for the stories of Trump. When he's filming this, he might be looking for the voice of his friends. But that's too long. Maybe you're looking for the president. But you're thinking he's not interested in the director. He's interested in how Trump becomes a person like this. So he's going to film Trump in his youth. How he's going to become a person of the Middle East. So he's just started a society and he's working under his father. But he's not yet having any rights. At this point, he's a lawyer. I don't know why he's interested in this. He's given him a lot of education. He's a mentor in this story. He's also a director in the collection of information.
(64:12~65:12) So he's talking about the relationship between this lawyer and the story. The content is interesting. Whether you like Trump or don't like Trump, I think this movie uses a very interesting perspective. It shows how he's going to become a God or a demon. Why is it possible in the United States to be banned? Because Trump has some information that's not true. The history of the US is very limited. So we can't memorize every information that's true. So you can just watch it as a movie. For Trump's information, you can just consider it as a reference. It's not necessarily true. But I think it's interesting. You can watch it. If you're interested in politics, you can watch it. In spring, if you don't want to spend too much time and you just want to have a rest, a rest,
(65:12~66:12) even if you want to take your friends to watch it together, I think this movie is very recommendable to everyone. It's a three-dimensional animation. There's no language in the novel. It's a story of a little demon. It's a little black cat. It's related to some reason. It's a boat on the boat. It's on a mysterious river. It's not a earth. You don't know where it is. There are some creatures that can be seen on the earth. But there are some that you don't know about. And the creatures on the earth are obviously from many different regions. They're not usually available. For example, it has a fox, a golden hunting dog. No, not a golden one. It's probably a Labrador. It has a Labrador, a fox, a Carapica. Carapica. Carpibala. Carpibala. It has a Carpibala.
(66:12~67:12) I can't call it a bird. These animals are not usually in the same area. It's probably like this. What am I talking about after Carpibala? It's the water fountain. Carpibala and Galen. Have you heard of this? Because its English name is Carpibala. I later found out that after its English name is Carpibala, I like to call it Carpibala. Don't you think Carpibala sounds cool? It's like a magic magic magic magical creature. Carpibala. Anyway, I recommend it to everyone. From the beginning, it's about how these animals can get their magical journey. And then, because the little black cat is the director's own cat. All the sounds are directly the sounds of the black cat in his house. The dynamic may be due to the behavior of the director in the normal daily life, observing the black cat in his house. They are floating on the river. They encounter some dangers and some different creatures. Finally, they rely on their friendship, unity, and mechanism, and various methods.
(67:12~68:12) They end up in various disasters. What exactly happens in the end? You can watch it in the movie. But in the end, I think this process is quite a bit of a chat. There are some small places that are even a bit of a human contradiction in the film. I'm not talking about a strange place, because there are no people inside. But they did a little bit of human behavior. But some of the animal behavior is actually very close to human interaction. So I think there are some human feelings inside. So you can go to the channel to see it. You can watch it. I think this is a good movie. If you want to watch the film on the platform, you can go to any place where you can watch the film. I recommend it to the evil community. Currently, Catch Play and Netflix are available. In fact, when it was released in 2020, I already felt that it was in the film. Because it didn't have a source in Taiwan.
(68:12~69:12) So Taiwan's channel is not available in Taiwan. I heard that it was good last year. I saw some less authentic films. I really liked it. I also recommended it. After I recommended it, Catch Play was released. And Netflix was released. Honestly, I think it's a little bit practical. But I hope that it's not my recommendation. I really don't know. But in conclusion, I can also watch it with the evil community. I don't want to introduce it. I recommend you to watch the evil truth. The evil truth is that there is a man who suddenly fell into the building. Only a child could see his son. And why did he fall into the building at that time? He was like a normal person who was in a relationship with a girl. Some people think he was not.
(69:12~70:12) But the only one who saw the child was the son. Because he had a lack of power. So he couldn't see clearly. What is the truth? I don't want to explain too much. The plot is very important. In the movie, there is a content with a sense of rationality. At the same time, the relationship between marriage and gender is really important. Through this incident, he described it well. I think it's worth recommending. Because he also has Oscar. Of course, the water level is very high. I think it's worth recommending. Erlang特工 Erlang特工 is a movie only on Apple TV. He didn't go to the hospital. When the director signed with Apple TV, he talked to him. I went to the hospital first. Apple TV was the first one to film. He said, you have to go to the hospital first. After that, I went to Apple TV.
(70:12~71:12) They talked about it. But I don't know why. After that, the director said that the movie was good. The director said that the movie was good. But he said it in a interview. I don't know how to work with Apple TV. I guess the director didn't go to the hospital. He was confused. He didn't go to the hospital. He only went to Apple TV. I went to the hospital and I found out that the movie was good. He didn't have any deep regrets or any I don't know. I just want to say that the set is a set that happens one night. A murder
(71:12~72:12) happened in the hospital. It's a whole. He didn't want to go. So he went to a person to help him. But he didn't think about the hotel. He was afraid of getting into trouble. So he went to another expert to help him. The two experts met each other at the same hotel. They thought they were professional. How did the plot go? They went to the movie. You will see a very interesting black comedy. At the same time, two main characters one is the expert and the other is the blind beat. Two men were very impressed when they saw the film. The director was very good at handling the good things and the scenes that need to be filmed.
(72:12~73:12) Whether it's a plane, a chase, a gunfight, etc. They all showed in a good way. So you can see the full entertainment. The entertainment won't give you a low-quality feeling. It's a very good movie. It's a entertainment film. But it's a very good one. So I recommend it to everyone. Another one is the pro-videos. You can see it in the pro-videos. The final list is a entertainment film. But you can only see it in the pro-videos. The MDB is over 8% of the film. So it's worth watching. But I haven't watched it. I will watch it during the spring season. Let me tell you about it. I didn't watch it. But my colleague recommended it. The new Netflix series. The best actress in the North. The best actress in the world. And the third one is the video.
(73:12~74:12) The right one is the postman. And the home. The home is the drama. The plot is a law. It's recommended by my colleagues. If you have any news about the film, you can watch it. I also recommend a entertainment film. It's a kind of a fish-shaped fish. I didn't think it would be nice. I watched it on the screen. I didn't think it would be a god. But you will think it's better than the original. I should give it a chance to show it. The new series is the MDB. The MDB. The MDB is a movie. The original is the first and second series. I didn't think it would be nice. It's a very interesting setting.
(74:12~75:12) I like it. But the first and second series is hard to watch. It's hard to tell the audience that the MDB is a movie. But the third one is the movie. The movie is correct. The main character is the evil devil and human and the evil spirit. The original comic is the evil devil, ghost, curse, etc. So it's a scary version. You will think it's totally wrong. The movie is ugly and very reasonable. I recommend it. If you want to look at the content of the movie, you can watch the movie. It's the official version of Clint Eastwater.
(75:12~76:12) I think it's the director of the movie. The director of the movie. Although it's a movie, it's a worthy one. The movie is very beautiful and very good looking. It's hard to see the star in the star's eyes. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. You all think I'm just an actor. But I'm a movie director. Every movie is good looking. The second one is the movie. I don't talk about the plot. Because the plot is better to watch. The character is very important. So you should watch it. I think it's clear. I recommend the movie. The second one is
(76:12~77:18) the movie. The movie is the other one. That's all. I think it's a good movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie.
(77:18~78:18) The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. The movie is the movie. I recommend the movie. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone.
(78:18~79:38) We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. We're not going to be alone. Don't wake me up. Still dreaming of you. It's the real life. I'm yearning for you.
(79:38~80:39) La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la Oh sweet dream all night long The stage day with me until the night's gone Don't wake me up, still dreaming of you It's the rain I have learned about you
(80:39~81:40) The stage day with me until the night's gone Okay This is from the song of the late Wendi I forgot the name of the song Glow Dreamer I just I just heard Night Glow Night Glow Dreamer The Big Ghost is going to be released soon The Big Ghost is also a good movie I want to see the Big Ghost I don't know where you can see it The Big Ghost Let's see the trailer The Big Ghost just released But did you find the movie? I don't know where it is now The first version of Satchel mobile is also taken by him Many people say that it's very bad I liked it when I watched it When he shot the double-edged film I think it's the scene of the movie The scene of the movie It's super super bad The Xiangyuan, Lan Si Long
(81:40~82:40) I remember the wrong person It's the Conan Bao The name is very similar But it's different There are all the big ones But it's not him Satchel mobile The double-edged mobile But I remember the same thing The Big Ghost It's the latest movie I remember many of the big ones I think the easiest way to find it Is the Big Ghost Lan Si Long He also talked about the plot And some of the progress topics That's about it Now we are at the comic department I recently watched a few comic books Last week, a viewer recommended me I really liked it He said I was adopted And I was killed countless times It's actually In the comic of the miracle Or the transformation Because there are too many bad scenes And it's simple Why is it called killing countless times?
(82:40~83:40) In this setting Because there is a basic Everyone is the same Everyone may have a special skill Or some reason This skill It seems useless But it's a big use It can save and reset It can have a place And a place to live If he dies He will come back Because he was thrown into the basement And he was waiting to die But I didn't expect that At that time He suddenly met Two women who had a life And a life These two women They were sick No matter how he came back He would be killed by these women And then there were other characters Each character had a chance to kill him So he died in the basement He kept dying But he didn't give up Because he thought he would come back
(83:40~84:40) And leave the earth And do his revenge in the human world So he kept reloading He hoped to find a solution And let him not die But the content I think it's a creative process And some interesting things And some nice places So I think it's a good thing As a entertainment I was killed countless times by the sick woman In the basement I think there is a story called The story of the knight It has a little bit of a writing But the story of the knight Does it have a writing But I think there are too many Turn-based scenes and the setting And everyone uses the Chinese magic The dragon god Everyone is super strong So you feel that the knight Is a little bit of a knight So you suddenly see a hard-pressed knight story But the story of Amak It's a bit like In the north of the world
(84:40~85:40) There is a A war in the area There is a soldier The commander His child He has a child But he doesn't want to grow up In a war So the director knows that He hopes to go to the south To learn magic It sounds like Harry Potter But the problem is that the character Is a very written story But the child is not In the war era He is a 12-3-year-old child He suddenly lost his Some money and luggage And he said, okay, you can go to that place You don't have to stay here He spent two years To learn magic And this story is about How he spent two years To learn magic He met a bad guy And he met a former user He worked at the port
(85:40~86:40) And then he went to school When he went to school He was supposed to be in school He had been playing for two years And he When he entered his class He started to learn magic He didn't know anything But it's like this It's very ordinary And then But it makes people think The setting of this fantasy world Is very interesting The war between the south and the north The difference between culture When he wrote these stories I think it's very interesting And then the Aermak I also recommend something I haven't introduced it He is A Japanese The second generation of companies Because of some reasons He was frozen When he woke up He was destroyed He was frozen
(86:40~87:40) And he was in Russia Mongolia Russia He woke up He found himself here He lived for many years And the civilization of humans He had a thought Although he didn't know how to live in Japan Because humans Were lost He didn't know how to live in Japan No TV But he wanted to know What happened in Japan So he decided to From that place From that place He went back to Japan He wanted to do this He met some human beings And some of the things He had with them Or the conflict He used some modern human knowledge To solve his problems I think this story is very imaginative And it is a great story I recommend it
(87:40~88:40) If you want to see the color Turn around and try to fight I think it is good In the world of the world of the lion There are many people who don't know the meaning of the world I have recommended it many times His story has finally entered This season Because he has met his last demon And he is crazy about love Every time he loves you He will increase his love And he will be level 99 And it is a very practical comic I want to mention The Kun Chong machine The Kun Chong machine It is designed to Have a boy who has liked Kun Chong since he was a kid And one day There was a Kun Chong boy I forgot what Kun Chong is Maybe he is a wolf And he has other Kun Chong features Some of the body parts Is other Kun Chong The latest episode Is the pig girl He has eight legs
(88:40~89:40) And there are hair on his legs Half of the body Is the head of the person And the body But the lower half is the body of the pig And he has eight legs And he said These Kun Chong girls Are not allowed to come to the world To find him Because he likes Kun Chong Because he really likes Kun Chong So when he grew up And became a scholar He studied a method And then he can make human genes Combine with Kun Chong genes And then he doesn't know the reason Because in the current technology He hasn't explained the reason In short, he sent these Kun Chong girls From the future world And then he gave birth to a new child Why did he do this? This part seems to be It's a bit of a cover We don't know what it is But overall, I think this setting is quite interesting And if you are interested in the social culture Of the human series
(89:40~90:50) You will definitely think this is super Human is not a human woman Usually, it may be a human Or a monster with some animals There are many different types of humans For example, these humans They look like humans But they are more like animals Or this kind of humans Usually, most of them can accept But this kind of humans Is the middle part of the human skin It's the half of the human and Kun Chong So if you want to be able to To be interested in this kind of Kun Chong genes You need to have a strong mind And I can do this In short, it's like this If you think you can do it Kun Chong genes will look pretty good It has enough color And the girl is cute I recommend this to all of you Who like animation Kun Chong genes The kind of I have never tried before Not this one
(90:50~92:17) I'm going to be a little A little I'm going to be a little A little I'm going to be a little A little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to be a little I'm going to get a little
(92:17~93:20) 歌詞曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 � 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 編曲 The suit is a dress code. It smells like you. It's a dream. If you want to go home today, tell me.
(93:20~94:22) The song is called The Song of Love The song is called The Song of Love When I want to see you, I'll remember you. I'll look at you here. I'll wait for you in the car. I'll always be there. I can't find you even if I find you. I can't find you even if I search for you. This is the utopia of only you and me. The star that I just saw, the blue and the pink. Wherever I am, I can see you right away. The song is called
(94:22~95:24) The Song of Love The song is called The Song of Love The song is called The Song of Love The song is called The Song of Love The song is called The song is called The Song of Love The Song of Love I forgot. Okay. I suddenly thought that I received a small gift today. This is from...
(95:24~96:25) This small gift is... This is called a special dish of human fish. Human fish is human, human, human, human, human. Then the fish is the fish in the water. Then the fish is wet, then the living thing is wet. This wet, this special dish, I don't know if you can see it. This comic is obviously from the Law of Law. The golden dot in the Law of Law. For example, this is from the scientific paper. This is from the Royal Treasury. And Fukun Qi is touching his head. I just drew the golden dot on the screen. Like this. But I don't know if you have seen this before. I don't know how it looks. But this book has a special political background. Why do you say that? Because it's a title. Who can represent me after the People's Party? What does it mean? It's a term that has already been terminated. The People's Party can't represent me. It's not the National Party, it's not the Democratic Party.
(96:25~97:27) Of course, it's not the People's Party. So it's not. So it's not about the other party, except the three big parties. It's about the special form. And it's about the activities of the party. It's about the political party that has been under the influence of the current system. For example, the European Union, the Green Party, the Socialist Party, the Economic Republic, the Taiwan Foundation, the Stadley Foundation, the Third Socialist Party, etc. If the People's Party is really not the National Party, what other party will I have? The theory and logic are closer to me. I think this book is like this. Someone sent me this. I think it's interesting. The content in it seems to be quite similar to the economic one. If you are interested in this, you can search for this content. You can look it up. I think it's actually quite fun. And especially this comic. This comic is quite good. It's quite memorable. OK, I recommend it to you. Now, it's the end of today's animation department. I will recommend the animation department. I always think that the second model in Netflix is really good.
(97:27~98:29) So it's recently season 2, so I don't think I'll watch it yet. If you haven't seen it before, you can watch the second model series. It actually has two series. The latest series is called the second model industry. It's now season 2. And there's also the number of people who might know it. So I don't recommend it. And there's also... I will remind you of many people who went to the cinema at that time. But if you haven't been to the cinema, you can watch the Prime Video. Someone just mentioned that the company Plus is also a platform for the entry-level subscription. What's the reason? There are some very good programs. You can watch them when you're subscribed.
(98:29~99:31) Like what I just mentioned, the company Plus program is quite a lot. Because it really jumps the video. It's really high-precision. And that's okay. Anyway, I think the company Plus can actually watch it. And then my second season of self-reliance. This is something that you must watch at the end of the second season. Anyway, it's the same. It's a kind of a transfer of the world. But because it's made in Korea, so there are some different styles. Then the world view and the setting. But in the end, it's very loyal. It's very loyal. I think this story is super stupid. But it still looks like a hot blood. The first season is like this. After watching it, I felt like, oh, god, I didn't expect that I would be conquered by this. Because after watching the first season, something happened behind me. I went to subscribe for this. I remember it's Webtoon. Anyway, it's the Korean online platform. And then it's just the money. It's just the money. It's just the money.
(99:31~100:31) Then I finished watching the whole set. But I still started to chase the second season of animation. I remember when I was in the first season, I should have been chasing Netflix. Because I think in terms of the perspective of the chase, I think Netflix's interface is the best in the platform I've ever been through. Then there's no need to talk about the animation. The animation is actually true. I don't think I really like it. But the animation is worth promoting in a respectful way. So I personally still give it to the pilot. But if Netflix is available, I would watch Netflix before. But when I was watching my own series, and then the second season, I suddenly felt that I should turn to the animation. Why? Because I suddenly want to see what people talk about on the screen. I don't like to open the screen. It's really a public experience. Or a great improvement. Watching this kind of low-end animation, you just have to watch it with everyone. You have to see what the comments are about. What are you talking about? I recommend everyone to watch this kind of really great Chinese animation. It's exactly the same as me. Running to the animation platform, watching the animation on this platform, I think the public experience is the best. And then watching it with the characters.
(100:31~101:31) In addition to the Danda Party, I think it's been down for 2024. I don't think I dare to say that it's all the time. Because I still think some people don't like it. I feel that some people still don't fully accept this work. There are other great works in the same period. So is it considered the time of the Ba Zhu? I don't think I can say that. But I think it's in my heart. I think it's the one that was the most worth watching last year. So Danda Party, you can watch it. In addition, I think there is a work that is relatively not so popular in Taiwan. But I think you can watch it. It's HBO's Raw Raw. It's from DC Universe. It's a work that was born. It's said that in a group of super heroes in the world, there are some non-human creatures. They were put to jail. This is a bit like the suicide group.
(101:31~102:33) Because they are from the same world. Because the suicide group was sent by some people. Some criminals were executed. But then people said that this thing is not human. So they thought that since you think it's not human, I can always find non-human creatures to do this. So he found a group of non-human creatures to form the Raw. There are some non-human creatures in the Raw. I will explain it to you. The director is James Gump. I have to say that James Gump is really strong. James Gump was the director of the Star Wars. Star Wars is one of the most popular in the series of comics. I think he is a very talented director. The reason he went to DC Universe is because many years ago, maybe 10 or 15 years ago, he made a joke about the general situation. So someone dug out the thing and he was the director. So he said that he would work with you. Because James Gump is really a human being. And everyone thinks that his work is really talented. And in fact, I think the so-called general situation is also a result of the political correctness. Anyway, no matter what, because at that time,
(102:33~103:33) Disney was afraid of being offended by some people. So he decided to work with him. Many actors were also out there. They said that they wanted to be with James Gump. But the final question is that James Gump is still leaving. And finally, he went to DC. And I think the few works he is currently in DC are really great. I hope that the new superman will also have him to work with. I hope that he can work with them. The main character is the biological group. If you like animation, and you like the superman world, and you also have a little concept of DC's world view, you can take a look at this. I think this is really good. I think that after this year, this year, the latest series, the new version animation, I really think it's interesting. I think that in this season, I haven't seen the new version yet. I really like it. But there is one thing I have never thought about. But I think it's a good work. The novel of the middle age, The Return of the Rebellion, I think it's actually pretty good. In fact, the return of the Rebellion, this kind of setting, this kind of work, I don't know if there is a 50-part,
(103:33~104:33) maybe a lot, a lot, I have seen a lot. So I have a little bit of a problem with this setting. The book, The Return of the Rebellion, another thing in the world, this setting is not very interesting. For example, the middle-aged uncle, the return of the Rebellion, and then I think about it, from the old age of the Rebellion, he is also a middle-aged uncle, to the Rebellion. Recently, there is another one, the middle-aged uncle, The Return of the Rebellion, a cat. So the concept of the middle-aged uncle, I also think it's a little bit, to me, it's boring. So these two things, the boring things, they combine together, it becomes very interesting. I didn't expect it to be really interesting. Then, a middle-aged uncle, came to a fantasy setting, a little bit like a magic school in Harry Potter, and then became the local, the return of the Rebellion. The return of the Rebellion, is to say, in this story, the return of the Rebellion, and it's that kind of, family is very rich, and then especially bullied female lead, female lead, usually it's probably a pumpkin, or maybe it's not rich, and then the status, the status is not good, so this noble lead, always bullied him, so it caused male lead,
(104:33~105:33) always very similar, female lead, like this character. He always knew, he had a uncle's status, an abo's status, and then he entered this female body. He used his four-legged, and then he went to the right, this girl, made a lot, seems very ridiculous, but it turned out that, he would then become a very popular behavior. I don't know if you feel like this, like the world-class setting, the world of the Love-dressing Game Squad, in this love-dressing game, and then all those handsome guys, and then the people, even including female lead, I don't know if you feel that it creates a good feeling, and then starts to like him, just like this absurd story. I think it's very unexpected, I really like it. Also, I have recommended, the detective Wang Lin Xiang, if you want to see the easy-to-turn series, this is quite suitable. I remember the original, in fact, also did that, in the underground, after the search, did something go wrong? I remember it was the same author, and then, these two, I think it's recently, I think it's easy to see, I think it's quite suitable. Then, someone just asked me, what is BL's work?
(105:33~106:33) I haven't seen any BL's work recently, but I thought of one, I think it's a good work, I can recommend it to you. My family became a human being, this is a comic, and then, he said that it shouldn't be BL, it's a bit BL, but not BL. He actually said that, there was a girl, a girl, she raised a dog, but the dog, I don't know why, suddenly became a human being. At the same time, this world may have some changes, many people raised dogs, they became human beings. So, at this time, he just had to hold on, but he was human, but his personality, his wisdom, basically, is the same as a dog. So, he just had to hold on to this person, this super handsome dog, because all the dogs became super handsome, to this park, to the other places, to go, of course, what, to meet some Labrador, or Langquan, or all kinds of types of dogs, to become big handsome dogs. The interaction between the dog and the dog, there's a little bit of that, where, and then, then, it's probably like this,
(106:33~107:34) but if you, I want to say, but it's not a very standard BL work, because he didn't want to directly talk about love, but it's just that some of their interactions, you might think, oh, there's that, where, so you like BL, I think you'll like this, but you don't like BL, but you like the dog, and you like handsome dogs, I think this work can also satisfy you, this work is a bit subtle, because I'm not a dog, I'm a cat, so if he's a cat, a cat becomes handsome, or a beautiful girl, but a cat becomes a beautiful girl, this work, in fact, the history of the park is very long, maybe for decades, there's always been a similar work, so it's not very interesting. I rarely see handsome dogs, I personally think I rarely see them, but this, my family has become a human being, this thing, I recommend it to people who want to see BL, I've seen a work before, but I forgot the name, I just didn't find it in the beginning, I just forgot its name, so I forgot which platform it can be seen on the platform, there's a girl, there's a guy, there's a high school student, they want to go to a meeting, and then, what's that called, that's not a meeting, they want to go to a meeting, three boys, they want to go to a meeting,
(107:34~108:34) but I didn't expect to see three boys, in a meeting, and then they all got scared, I thought, how come it's a boy, I didn't expect these three boys to be boys, those are the girls who work in the National Museum of the Arts, it's a bit like the male version of the female version of the National Museum of the Arts, but they're all girls, they're like the kind of girls that hold a group, so in the end, what they see is three, the appearance of the three boys, and the three boys are dating, but the problem is, they only know their hearts, the three girls are girls, but the three girls will do some many cool, cool, cool things, so later on, these boys can't really understand, I'm actually in love with boys, or in love with girls, like this story, it's actually not a BL, but it has that BL味, so I think it's quite recommended, but I can't think of the name of this work, it's not the three boys, yes, the little girl, the little girl is right, she went to the concert hall, but she found that there was no girl at all, that's it, that's it, this work,
(108:34~109:34) I think it's quite good, it has animation and comic, and you can go see it, alright, and then, I recommend it to everyone, I think this work actually has reached my level, because I like this kind of girl, so, so, at that moment, I saw that there was a kind of, oh, great, I like it, I really like it, alright, that's it, I recommend it to everyone, this animation department, comic, yes, animation department, animation department work, and then, in the end, I recommend it to everyone, some content of the characters, just a little bit, that's it, I recently watched an A-片, and then, the first one is, M-I-A-E-331, and then, this is the left-hand wood, and then, the film, because the left-hand wood is, um, short hair, and then, long-haired, long-haired, tall-haired girl, I, I, for this kind of girl, actually, I've always been, even though I haven't had any resistance,
(109:34~110:34) anyway, I really like short hair girls, that's it, and then, left-hand wood, and then, and then, um, this, there's another one, it's BLK529, and then, what, what does his mother bully his son? What else? Probably, this is the name, I don't know how to translate this name, but, I've been looking for this name, I've been looking for the meaning of DQN, DQN is a person who doesn't fit with the character, that's it, meaning, he may not have tried, and then, in the first part, I think it's a bit like, in Japanese, in the first part, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, first layer, and then, I don't know why I'm so young and young, I think it's about this story, so it's about the sister, the sister's mother's story, and then, because of this, content, some level, it also reaches some points in my heart, so I think it's pretty nice. And then, another, there's also,
(110:34~111:34) SILK152, SIL152, I think it's a pretty special, one-step, A-片, it's actually a female-like, it's not male-like, I've never thought about it before, I would look at this kind of film, I think it's nice, but when we think about it, I really like it, because of this female-like A-片, it's usually more beautiful, I would think that, a male is more attractive, and more exquisite, and then, more intense, this kind of film, but this film, actually, makes people feel very emotional, but it's on the beauty of girls, because a man is very handsome, and then, they will take a lot of kiss, and then, body-containing, a lot of love, and then, it makes people think that it's a real-life, a real-life love in this world. That kind of real-life feeling, because after all, I have to say, most of all, the A-pian is not possible to make it real, it's almost impossible to happen, for example, you actually, went to force a girl, and then, that girl would force her, and then, she would like you more and more, and then, it won't happen, that's what happens in A-pian, to emphasize, this is not a normal,
(111:34~112:42) trying thing, but a girl, this kind of A-pian, usually, would be more intimate, and try, to me, because the feeling of writing is strong, and you can, to make it public, and then, it's beautiful enough, and then, you would suddenly feel, it's okay, the whole heart, is just, just, a fire, it's just burning, so, I found out later, actually, a girl-like A-pian, is quite suitable for me, so, this is, S-I-L-K-E-5-2, and then, the main actress, is A-Poo, Nimei-Ju, and then, recommend it to everyone, a girl-like A-pian, for me, is the new road, I really didn't think that I would be able to do it, but I really like it.
(112:42~113:42) It's making you cry, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, you'd wait, for me to stay, I know it hurts you, but I need to, tell you, something,
(113:42~114:42) my heart just can't be faithful, for, for, I swear, I won't make you cry, maybe I'll change, for you someday, but I can't help the way I feel, wish I was good, wish that I could, give you my love now, but I need to, tell you, something, my heart just can't be faithful,
(114:42~115:46) for, for, I swear, I won't make you cry, I need to, tell you, something, my heart just can't be faithful, for, for, I swear, I won't make you cry, maybe I'll change, for,
(115:46~116:48) I won't make you cry, I'll be good, I bring Slide尺, I will be good, tomorrow. You live this whole time, you deserve nothing, I'll tell you in person later, thank you. Nina, happy birthday.
(116:48~117:51) Wen said last night, I asked you to imitate Kong Liu. How could I imitate Kong Liu? I wish my girlfriend happy birthday. Sorry for disturbing you. Thank you. It's January again. I wish you happy birthday. Happy birthday. It's our fifth year together. I want to say thank you for taking care of me. You are really lucky. I wish we can face the next life together. Wen said happy birthday. I won't imitate Kong Liu this year. I'll tell you my birthday. I want to say thank you. Someone really wants to use this field. Please support me. I'll give you my dad's work skills. Dad's work skills. Ah Xiong said, you are so handsome. Thank you. I'm wearing this today. Smy followed me. He said, enough. I'm sorry for the weight. I refused Mr. Qiu Wei Jie to put this on.
(117:51~118:52) I said, I didn't think I could do this. I didn't think I could do this. I didn't think so. So don't encourage me to do this. I'm not so stupid. But I just hope you respect me. This is a different kind of job. Don't criticize me. It's meaningless. Do you know what is the logic? You know, in Paris, St. Louis, in the back stage, every model is taken off. Someone is managing it. Is there a point? No one is managing it. Yunxi dad went to the airport with his wife. He went to the plane. The shop owner bought the product. After the product, he bought three products. Happy New Year. Yunxi dad, thank you. The little pizzeria owner will be happy. Amber said, every winter, he's at 10 degrees every day. It's so sad.
(118:52~119:52) I hope you are warm. Don't stay outside. Because it's cold. I've only experienced it once or twice. It's so low. I'm so sad. But it's so sad. I've watched the movie, the year after the year. The year after the year. The year after the year. The year after the year. The year after the year. The year after the year. Yuanlo logic. The year after the year. Someone said, hello? Say tu notes. He said you said it for a week. He didn't tell it. I said I'll show it to you in the coming episodes. All good. He didn't tell it before. And the first time I heard about it,
(119:52~120:52) I hope the mood doesn't affect you too much. Wish you a happy new year and health. I'm fine. I'm fine. Don't worry. I hope you can sleep more today. Because tomorrow is still early. Adi said he was a Christmas gift full of gifts. He saw the gift and pushed it. I didn't buy it at the library when I was a kid. I went to the library when I was a kid. I loved the last episode of the first episode. This is the happiest time for me to go to the library. I also said happy new year to Mr. Hong. The author said he wanted to study some books about business and entrepreneurship. Did he recommend any books? I don't read much about business and entrepreneurship. But I think many people will read about business from zero to one. I think it's okay to read about it. Because he said it's a basic concept. From zero to one, the meaning of this book is to talk about the spirit of business. Because from zero to one, from zero to one, from zero to one, how does this happen? Of course, from one to one, the next stage is to do this from zero to one. This book is about how to be a Christmas gift.
(120:52~121:52) From zero to one. I think you can take a look. I think you can take a look. If you haven't seen it, you can take a look. It's basic and not big. Then, Oshavik said, Happy new year to everyone. I wish everyone a happy new year. Then, the three French students said, After reading the book, look back at the Golden Yard, there is another new experience. That's right. The story of this egg is like this. A soft love story. Then, Boyle said, Recently, the French language has been very comfortable. I'm still worried about the psychological condition. This book just said, Masumi said that she hasn't flown to Yali San Takang. She is now in the transfer line. There is Wi-Fi. Let's follow up. It seems that the number of fans hasn't been updated. It's okay. I introduced three APNs. One is for female fans. You can go back and take a look. I think the female fan is good. Do you like it? Bai Jue said that you can ask the French to use the word, Happy New Year to all of your boyfriend, Happy New Year to everyone. Is it Happy New Year? It's on January 25th. Happy New Year to all of your boyfriend, Happy New Year to all of your boyfriend, Happy New Year to everyone. Then, the sea-tide, please ask if there is a ball on the bus. Is there a ball? The answer is yes.
(121:52~123:07) There is no ball, but there is a ball. After we went to the station, there was a ball in the car. Because we took it as a prop at that time. It seems that we didn't edit the video. Bai Tu Hu said, Hello, Mr. Gua. I left today. I left with a ten-year loss. Because I love someone I shouldn't love. We love each other, but in the end, he still can't let go of his love. And I also told myself to build my heart. But I always saw his smile. I was soft and broken. So I chose to leave. Leave each other. It's okay. His friend is feeling or he feels guilty to me. I don't have to pay for it. I can give a song that is not meaningful. I can give a song that is motionless and quiet. Another life. Let's try this song. Okay, let's try it. I can't find this song now. Another life. I wish you a good job.
(123:07~124:08) Another life. Okay. But you mentioned that you know a girl in the office. That girl actually has a girlfriend. I recommend you to watch the video of Lee Office. So from the first season, Lee Office is an important male character. That's how she is. She likes a girl in the office. That girl has just married her. But I don't know why. Two of them are new and have a relationship. And finally, she left the office secretly. She left the office.
(124:08~125:09) This is the third season. They have a love affair in the first season. They have a love affair. When they are in the third season, they decide to leave. You can go and watch it. I hope that we meet in another life.
(125:09~126:09) I hope that we meet in another life. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you.
(126:09~127:10) I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. I don't hate that I need you. That's so bad. I'll buy a 100-bit one. I'll buy it successfully. Then I'll make sure I buy it. Then I'll download it and it makes a sound. It's my fault. It's my fault. How much is it worth? How much is it worth? How much is it worth? It's still small. It's still small. What's this? It's just a sound. The way he speaks is that he will have a heavy voice first, then he will continue to speak. That's his speaking style.
(127:10~128:11) One, two, three. Is this how the song is sung? Can I get this? How long do you have to wait? How long? This is not how Lee Chan usually speaks. Lee Chan speaks faster. How long do you have to wait? He should be like this. Where is the red envelope? This is like what he usually speaks. He has a sense of flow. Of course, he is polite. Have a good night, mate. He is learning English. Have a good night, mate. Are you done? Yes. I sent a bunch of messages to him. He sent me a bunch of messages. I asked him what he was like when he was in the mood. I replied that he was done. I was like this. Okay, let's talk about your goal. Is this enough?
(128:11~129:12) What did Pretty Girl say? Do I need to reply? I have said this a million times. Can you show it to the audience? It's going to be a show. I have said this many times. I am still learning this. I think it's the same as in the movie. There is someone in the pet shop who is raising a cat. He is very big and fat. He is very sensitive. Although he looks scary, he is still raising a cat. He is very smart. He is very smart. I am afraid of you. I will pinch you. Dolly Poole. He said hello to you. He has been with me for 25 years. I am very sad and depressed. Can you give me some comfort? 25 years is a long time. I was raised by a cat. He was about 19 years old. He was born in 19 years. He is the same age as me. He has been living for 25 years. He is like a fairy.
(129:12~130:13) He is always alive. He is always alive. Sometimes, he feels like a monster. He will not die if he becomes a monster. But I didn't expect him to leave. I was very sad at that time. I can understand your feelings. But I have said this before. He can only be cured by time. I hope that my live stream can make you live better. Riko Wei said hello to you. I was a cat-missing operation. I had a few teeth and a few tens of thousands of teeth. I was raised by a stray cat. I was 7 or 8 years old. I was diagnosed with cancer. I was very obedient. I loved him. I was raised by a cat. Have you ever experienced this? What should I do with a cat? I don't have experience. I have raised a stray cat with other cats.
(130:13~131:13) I think there are some ways. Should I go to the vet? I think there should be a chance. But if I don't believe in this, I should be a little bit more considerate. That's it. I feel sad. I don't have many people on my live stream. I have a few people on my live stream. But I have thousands of people on my live stream. You can think of him as a wolf. A wolf is a group of animals. I talked to my friends a few days ago. They often talk about a group of wolves. But wolves are not a group of wolves. They are a group of wolves. If you look at the wild animals, they are all a group. How can there be a group of wolves? What kind of animals are wolves? Cat-missing or a group of wolves? They are all a group. But a tiger is a group of wolves. They are all a group of wild animals. They are all a group of wolves.
(131:13~132:32) They are all a group of wolves. But it doesn't matter. This is a wolf. You come here. I see a little friend who is still in the care room. He comes here to cover you. I just want to know if you want to die. You know, you talk about these wolves. They will eat you. But of course, I think you are not afraid. What is the reason? Because you have a network. So you have a sense of security. You know what you talk about there. You won't be affected. I tell you, I'll try again next time. That's it. Good night. Everyone is late. It's tiring, right? And then Boyle said, Thank you. I understand you so much. Don't work too hard. Everyone said, I wish you a happy new year. Why don't you drink? Why don't you eat? Why don't you touch the tiger's牌? Good night.
