(00:00~01:02) 
(01:02~02:02) I I
(02:02~03:50) I I
(03:50~05:24) I I I
(05:24~06:42) I I I
(06:42~08:10) I I I I
(08:10~09:20) I I
(09:20~10:29) I I I
(10:29~11:36) I I I I I I I I I I I
(11:36~12:52) I I I I I I I I want to say that I'm not talking about the new year's first wave. But I want to say that because the audience's comments are a bit sad. So I still want to read them out. It's very important. It's a very important thing. About Xin Zhe Jia 213. He said, if a person makes a mistake and accepts the law, of course it's the same for him. I respect everyone's support. I'm also the same. But I don't want such a good podcast to change. The first time I heard your program, the series of the series,
(12:52~13:52) I was very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. I'm very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. I'm very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. I'm very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. I'm very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. I'm very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. I'm very happy to hear that you were able to make a good podcast. Do you want to be laughed at? If one day, a few times, you are caught by a thief, your wife says she wants to see you, but you are laughed at. How do you feel? A 40 to 50 year old girl who has lived with you for 40 to 50 years. From seeing you every day to seeing you for three months, do you think you should be laughed at? I'm actually very disappointed. I'm going to listen to your program. I really first heard that the TV series is closed. Your content of the night is often ranked as one-third of the program, to even one-fourth of the length. I really hope that you can get better and better. But there are some parts that you really need to think about. Maybe I'm too exaggerated about this thing. I can't help but write this text.
(13:52~14:53) I don't need to reply or read it out. But I still read it out. Because I really want to reply to this. I just want you to know that some things are changing. Many people who voted for the Democratic Party don't want Taiwan to have only the blue-green. But I never thought that the Democratic Party would rely on the Democratic Party. I'm also very regretful. But before the KM was sentenced, we couldn't use the most criminal angle to define it. That's right. We couldn't use the most criminal angle to define it. We couldn't use the most criminal angle to define it. These two things are the same. I don't know if he's the most criminal. But I also don't know if he's the most criminal. These two things are the same. But what you said in the beginning is actually if you were sentenced to use this thing, you can say that this thing is a sentence. You've already made a conclusion. But I don't want to argue with you. Because I believe that everyone has a thing to believe. Just like you said, every political arena. I really didn't expect that I would write this text for the first time. I feel so heavy. I really hope that you guys get better and better. I don't want the writer to be even more arrogant. Okay, let me discuss with you. First, I will indeed discuss with the writer. But the content that I'm talking about,
(14:53~15:53) I don't care if it's the writer who contributed to me. All of my points are my points. I don't know why he taught me this. Writing is the thing that's published. I just said it out loud. Do you think I would say that? Of course I wouldn't say that. I won't discuss with you which things are the writers. Which are the ones I'm talking about. Actually, I'm telling you. It's all my talk. I'm just talking to the writer. They have the inspiration. They are the inspiration for me. That's my family's thing. So please don't throw this question to the writer. It has nothing to do with that. But I'm not saying I don't want to thank the writer for his help. It's different. It's two things. I have just mentioned that I will first solve a smaller problem. You said that I really hope that you guys get better and better. Not that the writer is getting even more arrogant. You also mentioned that our career is already one-fourth of the show. From this point on, you can see how much the audience will affect their feelings. No one can say that they are objective. Because your audience will feel
(15:53~16:53) a lot of your attention to the reality. Why do I say that? Let's take a look at the latest news. Our Black History Specialist, EP6. EP6's pageant is from 6 minutes and 25 seconds. It's been said that 11 minutes and 45 seconds. The total length is 5 minutes and 20 seconds. The total content is 52 minutes and 28 seconds. So what does it mean? It means that the Black History Specialist, our latest episode, actually, there is no one-third, one-fourth of the show. It's only one-tenth of the show. It's just a few. The content of 50 minutes, it's just 5 minutes and 20 seconds. Is it really too much? We still have to make money. We have to let the audience enjoy it. We have to make money. We have to make money. We have to make money. We have to make money. We still have to make money. We have to make the audience happy. We only talk for 30 seconds and then we hang up. Do you think the audience will be happy? The audience will definitely not look for us. I think we talked for 5 minutes. It's reasonable. You go listen to the next stage, how long it will take to talk. I think, I tell you, I feel that they definitely talk longer than us. Come on. You said you are the reaction of 213 episodes, right?
(16:53~17:53) We also took out 213 episodes. 213 episodes. The content of the show. Eh? I don't know why. We are all very coincidental. We didn't catch it, we all have our own thoughts. We have to catch a timing. 6 minutes and 25 seconds. Same. When do we talk? 10 minutes and 30 seconds. So, in total, we only talked for 4 minutes and 5 seconds. The overall content is 48 minutes and 34 seconds. It's also about 50 minutes. But this time, our episode is even less. Only 4 minutes and 5 seconds. What do you mean? We are almost 1 out of 12. About 1 out of 12. Our episode is only 1 out of 12. You have 1 out of 13 in your body. You know how unreliable the feeling of people is. Let's listen to it again. Some may have heard of the Newspaper. Some may not. Let me remind you. I think you may have heard of it. I will remind you of the 213 episodes. How I talk about the script. In fact, the Newspaper is in the political content. I have always been stuck. The most likely thing to be stuck is
(17:53~18:53) not to say it's too political, not too deep. It's all about the趣味. I don't have a party. I have a very good knowledge of the film. When I talk about the film, about the film's humor, you must have thought it was funny. You just heard it and the film came out. You have no idea what we are talking about. We are not talking about the same thing. We are talking about the same thing. If he only talks about the script, I will be hit by a bullet. I am not like that. You should think about it. I will talk about it. I have said everything. But what is the script about? Let me remind you. Before I started the show, I was very surprised. I didn't remember what I was talking about. I was talking about the news. I mentioned a news. I mentioned a thing. The script. I mentioned Toys. I said that Toys and Toys have a very similar place. Every week, they will update the film and remind you that they are still there. That is the concept of the film. The film is still there. I am not saying it is dead.
(18:53~19:53) It's not like that. It's just a more interesting way of comparing. In fact, there is nothing to talk about. I am talking about Toys is amazing. He has been in prison for so long. It has been half a year. He still remembers to update the film. There are some new content. He opened a hotpot shop. The hotpot shop still asked people to make the food. He is a good cook. He is a good cook. I am talking about this. I am not talking about the crime of the client. I am not talking about the death of the client. I am not talking about this. I am talking about the common point of these two people. Even in prison, in the prison, they have not forgotten to update their social media. It is very common. Cai Lin said this. He said that Pei Qi also said that he missed you so much. He only wanted to call me.
(19:53~20:53) He said that Pei Qi also reminded people to remember him. So, we sang I miss you. I miss you. I think this part is a little bit dramatic. But it is okay. I think people should not use the mood of the political model to watch this. I think we are talking about whether you want me to use the international market to say that the real world is the human environment. Everyone should care about all the women who are sexually assaulted. Do I have to do a show in this way? Does someone want to become a show with new information? I tell you. If... Okay, I'm going to talk about one thing. There is a British actor. His name is Ricky Gervais. He created The Office. There is a paragraph that is very interesting. He said someone is scolding the main character in the drama. He said how can you talk about these unethical jokes? The main character is
(20:53~21:53) to talk back. The joke is because unethical is funny. Actually, this sentence is very smart. Although in that drama he is a little bit using the tone of the tone to say this thing. But this sentence has a very good place. Actually, you should think about it carefully. Why is the joke funny? Is it because he is very polite? No. It's all because he is unethical. But why can some jokes be unethical? I tell you. It's not because it's unethical. It's because you are telling who to listen to. For example, you tell your trust circle, your good brothers, there is no unethical problem. You can say anything. If you are not correct, the joke of Tang Shizhen, whatever you say, because you are in a trust circle, there is no problem. But the joke of Tang Bao Bao, you take it out, and in general, in the stranger, do you think you can say it? You must not dare to say it. This unethical joke, when you face the wrong person, there is a problem. If you face your wife, you just said a yellow joke, she has no opinion about how much you speak. Because she knows what kind of person you are. But you are with a stranger,
(21:53~22:55) you are with a colleague, you are talking about a yellow joke, she may think you are in a trust circle. So the point is not whether you are talking about the joke or not, but who you are telling who to listen to. If you think you are listening very often, maybe the problem is very sorry, it's because this sentence is not for you to listen to. I can't change myself. Because it's like what I said, I just said those words, I just said it, because I think I have already controlled it. This sentence, you say, do I have to delete it? I don't have to delete it. I'm not Qiunwei, okay? I miss you so much.
(22:55~23:55) I miss you so much. I miss you so much. I miss you so much. I really don't believe that someone would come to question me. I really don't believe you, you know? I really don't understand. Why? Unbelievable, you know? You're bothering me with your questions. You haven't turned our lives. You're unbelievable. But it's all about the listening to my replies. You say to me, I don't talk enough,
(23:55~25:12) but when I do, I'm full. These times I spent out real life, and you shoot through and leave you. The things you say, your bad friends just give you away. The things you say, you're unbelievable. But it's all about the listening to my replies. You're unbelievable. But it's all about the listening to my replies. You can leave your problems, but you turn me more by mine. I'm always so concerned. With the way you say it, you always have to stop to break the bus. Being wild is more than I ever know. But this time I realize, I'm not shooting through and leave you. The things you say, your bad friends just give you away. The things you say, you're unbelievable.
(25:12~26:19) Think of the fun times, pushing down the better views Instead of bringing the ideas to watch the world And everything you ask to break yourself You're great to be so I know this world and what it seems What's up, I'm back Trouble me You've burdened me with your questions You'd have to tell others I'm all smart, it's all about what it's all about I don't know if I'm smart enough I don't know if I'm smart enough I don't know enough I don't know if I'm too unfulfilled I don't know if I'm too unfulfilled So you have, don't say I do You're so unbelievable
(26:19~27:34) You're unbelievable You're unbelievable You're unbelievable
(27:34~28:34) You're unbelievable You're unbelievable After the theme song of Sa Holi, I remember that... There was a manufacturer... That... That... That Yisheng Jun. Yisheng Jun, we also wanted to help him to sing the theme song. So I think we... We are... We are really working hard. We are really working hard. So, don't really rely on us to do the ads. Really, we... We can't live without doing this, okay? Alright, that's it. Come on. Taiwan's 01 Yisheng Jun. I just...
(28:34~29:34) I just suddenly... One-time between... I'm really... My brain is a bit crazy today. Actually, I should say that I've been in these two weeks. Because the cold weather is very serious. So my brain is in a bad condition. I've been feeling a bit of breathless today. And then I basically used to be in a needy state. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. If I don't use it, I can't live. Then really... Then Zheng Jieyun said that he saw that there was really someone singing Taiwan's 01 Yisheng Jun. And he thought it was a world change. Right. I said that again. You know, we really worked hard. Don't rely on us like this. When we went to Japan, we met something very white. Hey, Tong Yang, we also have a certificate. Please, Tong Yang, we have a certificate. We have a certificate to tell, okay? Really, we have to believe in us. Alright, that's it. But I have to say that it's probably because of my age. Because... You know, like me, middle-aged people, their bodies will start to appear in more situations. So it leads to various health videos. Zheng Jieyun really likes me. Because we actually have a lot of the same-sex market to look for us. So we actually have a lot of heads.
(29:34~30:35) Because they really want to. We have to reject them continuously. Or try to cut them open. Because we are very unwilling to say, okay, we just finished talking about a product this week. Next week, I will talk about a function that is a bit repetitive, a bit repetitive. Then let everyone create a separation-like confusion. Hey, where is the difference between this and that? I think it's not that good. And it's not very responsible. So actually we all... If we have already received some market, we really try not to receive the same kind of. If we really have to, we really have to receive it. We both will discuss it. For example, we will talk to this A-market. We will say, hey, actually there is a B-market that wants to receive it. But we will cut you open. Can you accept it? We will talk to the B-market. We have been working together for many years. So actually everyone's impression will feel that we are better with A-market. If you are new to come, maybe the audience will... The audience may have some problems on the separation. If they both feel that it's okay. You just want to receive it. Then I will... That's good. Of course I have nothing to say. Thank you for making money. Okay, that's it. I won't say anything. I won't say anything. Then... Then... Okay, okay. Then you know, when we went to Japan,
(30:35~31:35) and we met something boring. It's not boring. We were at Shonen Festival. We just finished drinking the beer. Then we finished drinking the beer. Then when we were at that time, Tsai Lin said we were going to take a photo. To take some scenes. Actually, I'm not interested in these scenes that are taken by the police. But after all, we still have time. It's around 9 o'clock. So I think if I want to go there to have a chat, I will say okay. So he said, I found a point here. There is something very powerful or something. I don't know. He took us there. After we arrived at the point, I saw a... I... I don't know if they can take the photo. But... That's a very boring place. The center is far away. It seems to be... I think it's the Qing Kong Tower or the Tokyo Tower. Tokyo Tower, right? Anyway, the Tokyo Tower. You can see the corner of the Tokyo Tower. The Tokyo Tower actually looks like a normal light. Then he was always looking at it. Then he took the photo. I said, where is it? The police looks very rich. He said, because today, there is only a special color in the Tokyo Tower. This special color seems to be orange or red. I forgot.
(31:35~32:35) Anyway, it's only this day. It's this red color. So everyone is going to take a photo with the Tokyo Tower with a special color. I said, what the hell is this? Who cares? And I don't think it's nice to take a photo here. But anyway, they came. Then I took a photo with them. Because I performed in front of the camera. It was so boring. So I followed them. I found another point nearby. Maybe one or two kilometers away. What is it? It seems to be a Christmas tree. What are you doing? I said, we can take a photo there. I said, okay, I'm not tired yet. Let's go. It's okay to walk one or two kilometers. I said, we'll talk while walking. We walked. Because you know, the Tokyo Tower. I think it's a matter of the common people. The Tokyo Tower in Taiwan is colder than the Tokyo Tower in Japan. It's colder than Tokyo Tower in Japan. I tell you, it's like a fart. Tokyo Tower in Japan is really cold. You know, I've been in Tokyo for a few days. One day, I felt the lowest temperature, you know, the coldness of the coldness of the coldness. There's nothing to say.
(32:35~33:35) It's cold. But it's really uncomfortable to be cold in Taiwan. Because it's wet. But if you talk about coldness, don't lie to people there. Coldness is cold. There's nothing called coldness. It's cold. I tell you, that really coldness will make you lose your motivation. And then it's windy. And then we were at the Christmas night. We went to the Gensokyo Hall. And then, because I have a younger sister, I will not watch the tour. If only I and my wife, I would be in charge of the tour. I would be very serious. I was afraid of going wrong. I would turn the wrong way. I would go wrong. I would go wrong. I would be careful. But because that day, I think there were kids there. They said they would go there. So I think they would take the tour. I didn't see them at all. I talked to them. I didn't think it was over 30 minutes. Suddenly, the bell was ringing on the street. I asked, what are you doing? They said, it's so weird. Because I saw a place where we were in a very cold place. There was no time to go out. No electricity. I said, where is it? They said, but we should have already arrived. They said we had arrived. The place was taken. But I tell you, that place is a place of
(33:35~34:36) coldness. It's impossible. There is absolutely no Christmas tree. And then I said, where is it? At this time, we suddenly found out. Because you know, the East Bank, the capital of the capital, the capital of the capital. Its city is really huge. It's huge. Its map, you can't think of it with a 2D perspective. At this time, humans will suddenly be like 2D, like the 2D world. In fact, Japan, Tokyo, the capital city, is 3D. You might think, you arrived at that place, but it may be at your top, at your bottom. Maybe you have to go several different levels of stairs to get to the place you want to go. It's obvious. You know, I just passed a bridge down the ground, what else? I know the thing he said should be at the top. But I don't know how to go up. Because we might be in a place where we have to go up, we missed it. So we went the wrong way. And then we have to go around, I don't know where to go. And then actually, there is a Christmas tree that lights up.
(34:36~35:37) It's about 11 o'clock at that time. I guess I can't get up. I just told him, oh my God, I'll climb up from 9 o'clock to now. And then just to take some boring birdie photos. But I didn't take any photos. What the hell are you doing? You're really taking photos. Okay. But actually, I'm not angry because traveling is the happiest thing that happened. I was really happy to be with these young friends who came and went there. They were really nice to me. The biggest thing they did to me was when I was on live last week, I found out that I didn't wear a microphone. And then, I had to do live smoothly. It was a little bit difficult. I was using a new live equipment. I actually had a little problem with it. At that time, I have to tell you, the situation that night, that night, I was with Bing Chun, and then I was on my way to the mountain. After the mountain, I told them that
(35:37~36:37) one night I wanted to go to a bar called Moribas. Moribas is a very classic bar in the East. The bar is quite old. It is very famous for its martini. So, we wanted to go to a bar because we had never been there. So, we wanted to go to Moribas and have a drink of the martini. Then, we told the restaurant that we were actually in another bar. It was called Bar Chanch. Bar Chanch is in the Hubei City. It is a small place between Daiguan Mountain and Segu. I was in Daiguan Mountain. In addition, if I were to choose one of the places that I like the most in the East, it might be Daiguan Mountain. Because, in comparison to Segu, it is a place that is very obvious to children. I think Daiguan Mountain's sense of honour is really quite suitable for my personality. Although it is really expensive. But the point is, after we finished visiting Daiguan Mountain, I thought that it was not far from the bar. I thought that it would be about
(36:37~37:37) 1 km from here. So, I told them that I would go with them. Actually, the other day, I told them that we would go to Moribas. So, I asked them if they would like to go. They seemed to meet a Taiwanese in another place. I introduced them to Tender Bar. Tender Bar is another classic bar. It is a bar that is well-known in the ancient Chinese culture. It is a bar that is in the ancient Chinese culture. It is a bar that is in the ancient Chinese culture. It is also a very old bar. It must be 80 years old. It is a very famous place. It is called Shake. Shake's technique is really very powerful. We mentioned Tender Bar in the last week's live. We talked about where we would go to drink wine in Zoujielun. Where we would meet Cai Yiling. We were talking about Tender Bar. Because we introduced them to Tender Bar. After he went there, we met a Taiwanese. Actually, I don't know if he would like to know his name. But in general, he is a famous bar in Taiwan. He is a founder. Then, he didn't know who Cai Yiling is.
(37:37~38:37) He was just in Tender Bar. He found a Taiwanese. He was curious to chat with him. After he had talked with him, he knew they were going to come to Moribah. He immediately became a professional. He is a very passionate person. Because he would always talk to others. Why did I know? I will know in a minute. He told them that Moribah is not good. His Mardini was very good in the past. But now he is no longer good. I don't recommend it. Bar Change is the best place. I think it is the best bar in Tokyo. At that time, Cai Yiling was persuaded by him. So he went to Bar Change the next day. TRENCH. So that day, we went to Moribah. But because of Cai Yiling's relationship, we decided to go to Bar Change. Then we met the bar boss there. I said he was hiding. I told you. Wow, he really wants to talk to us. He recommended us something. You have to try it. I don't feel offended. I feel happy.
(38:37~39:38) Because he is stubborn. Someone seems to understand. He would like to share some information. I am very happy. Anyway, he told us that if you go to Moribah later, you will be disappointed. I told you that Bar Change's Mardini is better. You can order a cup directly. You can order a cup here. You can order another cup at Moribah later. You will know in a minute. So we ordered at Bar Change. We had Mardini. We went to Bar Change later. Because Bar Change is a good drink. We had something to eat there. We planned to have a cup or two. We went to Moribah. Moribah is the destination we are going to. But because Bar Change is really low, we don't feel that we have drunk more than three cups. And we had a shot. We had two cups. We had drunk to some extent. Not to the maximum, but to some extent. Then it was almost time. Maybe 8 or 9 o'clock. At that time, we thought we would rather take a big bag or a small bag
(39:38~40:39) because we had bought some things with a coffin. We would rather go back to the restaurant first. Then put down the things. We went to Moribah. Before that, I didn't tell anyone that I was going to start a live broadcast. So they followed us up the stairs. Actually, at that time, Tsai Ling and Dong Ye were going back to their restaurant. Because they live in different places. Because they didn't want to go to Moribah again. Because they thought that night was enough. But they suddenly suggested that I want to see your room. Actually, I don't know if they are interested or not. Anyway, they followed us up. When we went up, I was touched by them. I can't help but tell them. Actually, I don't know if you know. Today is the fourth day. Actually, I was told that I was going to start a live broadcast. If you don't go out right now, why don't I just open a live broadcast and tell everyone maybe one hour. Then we'll go to Moribah. I want to emphasize first. Many people thought that day I was drunk. But actually, I'm not drunk. Actually, that day, I only drank in my safe area. So I was quite sober. Then, then they left me. But then everyone knew
(40:39~41:40) a lot of obstacles happened on the technical level. At that time, I was very anxious. But I didn't expect that Dong Ye and Tsai Ling would immediately follow me. Then they didn't go up. Then they thought of a way to change the atmosphere on the scene. But that day should have been a disaster. It became a quite interesting surprise. Actually, from the moment they came up to our room, I had a feeling that they were taking care of the elderly. You know? They knew that I was in a bad mood during this period. Actually, I was in a bad mood during these two weeks. I really didn't feel well. I had a lot of things to do. Then during Japan, I wasn't happy because a lot of disputes were made between the four or six countries. I was not worried. I was very anxious. I didn't know why I was so upset about these things. I was very sad at that time. Then I think they had a feeling that they were happy no matter what. Actually, I
(41:40~42:41) was quite touched. I felt their sincerity. You know, for example, actually, I want to talk about many people helping Dong Ye in the winter. I said that I didn't need to apologize for the 46th construction. Because it's obvious that I have nothing to do with this. I just went to the site to participate in this event. But I didn't know what to do with the event. I didn't participate. I didn't even see the menu. And I only knew one thing. Before I wrote the video, I didn't know what to do. Because many people don't go to the table when they eat. I didn't see the menu on the table. And there was nothing to eat at the site. So, I really noticed the menu. I think there are really few. But because I was a member of the party, I was arranged to be on the table. I was next to the principal and some teachers. They were all elders. They were all over the age. Maybe they were 80. I was on the table. I was arranged to be on the table. I only knew one thing. The 46th reconstruction of the building.
(42:41~43:41) Each table's menu is a menu of the class. Everyone was on the table when they saw it. Only the main table was not there. Because they think the elders of the main table can't accept this kind of content. So, they wrote a very common menu. So, even if I was at that time, I was curious about what the menu was. I would take it and I wouldn't see it. I wouldn't see it. I really wouldn't know. Because I think the content is different. But this is the point. The point is I don't have much of a relationship with this thing. But why did I write an apology text all of a sudden? Some people think you don't need to apologize at all. Dong Yee thinks so. I still explain to Dong Yee. I know that there will be a negative result when I write this thing. That thing is called maybe some people think that I will think of 46th reconstruction. Because this might be the earliest word to apologize. And it's also a very famous person. So, when I think of this thing, some people will directly contact me. They won't care about
(43:41~44:41) my apology or the content of the apology. They will know that there are people in the 46th reconstruction including Qiu Wei Jie. Qiu Wei Jie is the one who did this thing. They might just contact me directly. Is there anyone like that? Yes. Actually, I have seen some people write a text these days. For example, they might be writing 46th reconstruction. They might say it's a bit weird. It's the same with the apology. They just think they are the one who scolded me. They don't like me. They don't care about me. They will directly contact me directly with this thing. So, the lack of apology is a bit weird. I can't really understand what this is. I was talking to the director and asked him why he sent me a text. The first reason is because I think I as a adult I think I should have some information on myself. I should finally speak to myself about my own true views. If I think it's not right, I should express my feelings. But
(44:41~45:42) I'm a good friend. So, I can't use a way to cut the song. I just want to say, they did it. It has nothing to do with me. So, I have to stand together and express my personal apology. But I'm not that kind of it's it's not their business. So, I don't know what they did. I have to stand together. But this is not the point. This is not their benefit. Because this is what I want to express. But this is not necessarily a benefit to this world. There are many people who like me. Like, I'm watching live now. They probably didn't know I participated in this building on the 46th street. He probably thought it was bad. But one day he found out that Qiui Jie's cousin is an graduate of this building on the 46th street. He thought it's likely an impetuous issue. What Is he a bad guy?
(45:42~46:42) Did I see the wrong person? I think everyone will feel this way I feel sorry for him I don't think I should write to those who don't care about me I should write to those who care about me and like me I hope that when they know about this When they discover this They will know what I am And feel at ease Until I don't agree And I am willing to apologize Maybe they can't forgive me But at least they won't be surprised or sad This is the most important thing I can do this I feel no problem Anyway, that's the situation I have a story about a live broadcast in Japan last year
(46:42~47:42) I went to Daikuan Mountain to buy clothes I saw a shirt I think it was great But I didn't pay the price I took it to the bank I found it was 20,000 or 30,000 I didn't mean I couldn't afford it But I think I should spend 30,000 to buy it It's too ridiculous So I came out of the store If it was the past, I would be embarrassed I would be embarrassed I was sorry to refuse I bought this shirt for 30,000 I was so regretful But I thought I shouldn't go down So I took the shirt and returned it I didn't buy it After a year, I came to Daikuan Mountain I went shopping I didn't see the shirt I knew it was too expensive But the jacket was so nice I saw a suit It was so cool It was so beautiful It was cool
(47:42~48:42) It's a suit that can be used for a long time It's hard to explain But it's nice I liked it It's soft and comfortable I love it I tried it I thought I should buy it I forgot to look at the price But I said I should buy it I thought about the price I took it 70,000 I was shocked I couldn't afford it The boss I could afford it But was it worth it? I spent so much money this year I didn't earn much money this year I lost all of it I could buy a 70,000 I could buy a 70,000 I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I wanted to see it again I was touching it I saw some expensive shirts
(48:42~49:42) I was so excited I told my wife I thought I shouldn't buy it I thought about it for a while I went back I told my wife I thought I should buy it I went back I continued to buy it for the last two years I made the same shop I made the same decision I didn't want it I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy
(49:42~51:20) I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I was so happy I took the jacket and started to make the suit I got theformed I got the argue Feels almost invisible Hip, heart, and a boyd tree My skull You're the best. Don't be sad.
(51:20~52:21) I'm here with Mimi Chen. Mimi Chen is the first sister. I'm happy to say this to you. This is your first birthday as a mother. It's really hard for you. You've always been so strong. The first is your brother or your sister. She said she would be your biggest support. Alright, thank you, D. D said she would bless me with a safe and happy life. I wish you all a safe and happy life. The new day of D. How did you know I'm drinking beer with bubble water? She said it's better to drink beer with bubble water. This is really beer with bubble water. You're so bad. Who told you? Did I tell you? I didn't. How did you know? Anyway, I thought about it. I saw the live broadcast on the way here. I found that Taiwan is still normal. I don't know where you've been.
(52:21~53:23) I never thought it was normal. This question said, yeah, it's the same as me. I don't want to have a toxic relationship. I hope everyone can keep the same spirit. We're all moving towards a new... How do I say this? A new life. It's all going well. I thought that everyone would go the wrong way. I met a place in Japan. It's a very interesting place. It's a place for the temple. I've been to the temple a long time. It's a place I've been to. I've never been there. The temple is a public place. It's not a place to go. It's their old library. It's a place that's a bit like... I think it's from Taipei. There are many books there. But the scale is bigger and more gentle. It's more beautiful. Taiwan's re-enactment is basically very old. It's not very beautiful. But that place is gentle.
(53:23~54:23) There are many books and themes. There are also many things related to movies. There are also some videos. You can find them there. It's a very interesting place. It's the most famous Gari station. There are famous Gari shops. If you like Gari, you should go there. There are also cute tea shops and cafes. It's a place that's good for leisure. It's called Shujie. I think it's a place for the public. I don't understand Japanese books. I didn't go there before. But this time I went there to see. I went to Gari to eat Gari. I went to the shop to buy some books. There was a famous Gari shop. It was delicious. But we had to wait for 20 minutes. There were many people. There were too many people. We had to wait for 30 minutes. But it was okay. It seemed that only two or three people were waiting. So I wanted to wait. When we were waiting,
(54:23~55:24) there was a little girl in Hong Kong. She was filming our shoulder. She said, watch out for your feet. There was a little mouse. It was so small. I think it didn't grow up. It's like a mouse. It's white. It's very delicate. It's big. It looks fat. It looks like a disease. It's a little bit different. It's cute. It's small. It's like a little friend. The finger and the little finger are pink. They were filming our shoulder. I was scared. Why did it appear suddenly? Why was it at the door? The power was out. It was very awkward. The door has a mouse. It must be dirty. There were about ten people in the scene. There was a power. Honestly, I think it's a misunderstanding. I don't know what to do with it. The power was caught by the finger. It didn't dare to catch it.
(55:24~56:25) It was there for a long time. So it went in. It took the mouse. It took the mouse. But it was afraid of hurting the mouse. So it slowly pulled it in. It was in the hole. I was thinking about it. I saw the action. I saw the reaction of the people. No one wanted to kill it. No one wanted to kill the mouse. Because they thought it looked small and pitiful. It was cute. No one thought it was right. But no one wanted to let it live. Because in Japan, everyone was going to eat the pie. It shouldn't exist. So it was obvious. I said, what does it want after it's cleaned up? Is it going to take it back to feed? I thought it was impossible. I think it would still make some cruel decisions. So what is it waiting for? It's not clear. The people in the scene were nervous. Because it was too noisy. So there was another guest. I was more relaxed. I slowly pulled it in. I thought, what the hell are you doing? I was in the scene. But I didn't do anything. I thought,
(56:25~57:25) I shouldn't do this. I shouldn't do this. But I was like, what I see now is in a society that is too good. A group of kind people who are too humble. When they face the things they don't want to exist, they are so humble. They are so humble. I don't think they are afraid of the dirty people. I don't think they are afraid of them. I think I'm not going to carry this cruel thing. It's weird. I just think it's a very absurd scene. Then we went to the airport. The airport was voted among the Japanese people for many years. It was the place they wanted to live the most. I wanted to go to the airport. Because the airport is the place they wanted to live the most. Isn't that the Japanese public area? I wanted to compare the Japanese public area and the Taiwanese public area. Of course, I know
(57:25~58:25) that Japan is better looking and better eating. Of course, I won't think I can understand myself. But I want to see the same positioning. In Japan, it becomes a I went to that place. I was confused. I thought I had never been to the airport. I was in a train station. I found out that I had been there 10 years ago. I was eating the red bean cake in Tianyin. It's the best red bean cake I've ever had. The first three. I was a regular in the Japanese public area. I wanted to make a theme called red bean cake. I wanted to introduce it. I remember I took a picture. I took a picture. But I took a short picture. I didn't take a picture at that time. But I had some pictures. I forgot about it. I don't know why I came here. Maybe I was I was guessing. Maybe I was there 10 years ago. I went to the art gallery in Shanyin. It's the Shonong Shrine. I was wrong. Gongqi Shrine. When I went to the museum in Gongqi Shrine, it was very close to the gate. I came here and took a picture. I ate something.
(58:25~59:26) But at that time, I was only only in the old street. I was in the market area. I took a picture. There were three areas. One is the mall in Chao Liu. The other is the park. There is a beautiful park. I was in the lake. I wanted to take a walk. I had to talk about some places. I remember the famous art gallery. The big building is old. It's similar to the Daiguan Shrine. Or some more fashionable places in Japan. The big building doesn't look like a rich place. It's a bit old. It's a bit old. You will feel that it's quite old. But you don't feel it's very luxurious or uncomfortable. It looks like a complete apartment. It makes people feel comfortable. But there is no pressure. So I think it's a bit interesting. But it's a great place.
(59:26~60:28) It has a huge park. It's really beautiful. If you have a chance to go to Japan next time, when you enter the park, the gate is sold for sale. I forgot the name. It's a 100-dollar ticket. It's so cheap. I don't understand the menu. You know, they are talking about the chicken or pig's organs. The name is special. You can't find the translation on Google. I didn't care. I just took a look. I ordered a few tickets. I took them away. They were all delicious. It's cheap. It's 100 dollars. You can buy it. You can take it to the park. You can sit on the bench. You can see kids playing. Some people are playing the sky and the boat. It's a very cute place. I recommend it to everyone. The chicken or pig's organs. I think it's a... When you go to Japan and travel to some place, you will want to go
(60:28~62:06) to a place that is simple and fun. Like the castle I just mentioned. Or the chicken or pig's organs. I want to die. I want to tell you a birthday happy birthday. It's a park in the capital. A water-based barney. Happy birthday. A blessing from UD. Ah Xiong, go to sleep.
(62:06~63:28) The cigarette of a box has ended. Good night, Masu. The man is calling to me. He's not lying. Let me go. This song is called Good Luck. I hope everyone will be lucky for the next year.
(63:28~64:28) I hope everyone will be lucky for the next year. I'm sorry. The wind is blowing in the city. The dream I was crying has gone. Good night, Apan. The man is calling to me. He's not lying. Let me go.
(64:28~65:30) Good luck, Apan. I went to the restaurant after recording the new video. We were on vacation yesterday. We went to the restaurant because we were on vacation yesterday. We went to eat. We went to the cafe. I went back to work after dinner. The restaurant was nearby. We could go to the cafe. The cafe was beautiful. He came to me with the idea. I thought I was shameless. I went to the cafe with him. But the point is the coffee is good. We went to the cafe. We went to a country school. I don't know what school it is. I was shocked.
(65:30~66:30) We were talking about Apan before recording. It was about two months ago. The whole world was in a storm. Within a short time, about a month, the wind was blowing. The wind was blowing. If you see anyone still filming Apan's short video, you must think it's good. Apan has accumulated a lot of emotions. A lot of people say Apan will be angry. But this song is not a mistake. It's a symbol of popular culture. The song itself is not a problem. The state of its popular music is also a problem. We just finished talking about this. We went to the cafe in the afternoon. We went to the country school. We saw a group of elementary school students. They were playing the game of 123 Woodpecker. Maybe it's because they were playing this game. But it's also because of the game. So they started to play 123 Woodpecker. But you know what? They are not 123 Woodpecker.
(66:30~67:31) How did they play? Apatz! They were in the playground. We stood there and saw them. They were playing woodpecker with Apatz. We were blind. We thought, what happened to this trend? A small school student was playing woodpecker with Apatz. The whole thing went crazy. That time, winter night, winter night was a place where people like to grab and shoot. I saw his hand shaking. I wanted to take it out and shoot. I knew that he knew how many people would know. But he couldn't take it out. He wanted to take out his phone. His phone was shaking. I told him that he couldn't take it out. He couldn't go on the boat. We can only have a meeting. We can only have a boat. But we can't go on the boat. We can go on the boat. But I swear that this is true. A small school student will play with Apatz. 123 Woodpecker.
(67:31~68:32) That's so cool. I think this is a new kind of fusion. A while ago, I read a new article. I thought it was absurd. I wanted to recommend it to the students. I wanted to talk about it in Xinzha. But I didn't do it because of the reasons. Xinzha is not a reason to talk about it. It's a joke. If it's a joke, don't talk about it. But the article is funny. I can talk about it here. I can analyze the article. In the past, in the northern part of Linsen, there was a Japanese man. He was Mr. He Tian. He was Japanese. He spent some time in Taiwan. One day, when he was on his way home, he saw a woman. She didn't know why. She was very considerate. She was very considerate. She was very considerate.
(68:32~69:33) She was very considerate. She went into the small apartment she lived in, and forced her to speak. She was very considerate. Later, Mr. He Tian was arrested. He was arrested. The police told him that the woman who forced her to speak was actually a criminal. He was a criminal. The article was forced to speak. The article was online. I was on the Internet and I was a little bit exposed. Many people were spreading this news. They said, what is this? How can a criminal be forced to laugh at death? I was laughing at the moment. Why? It's funny. I don't want to explain the funny part first. But why? I think it's not working. I can't discuss it. Because it's actually a happy event. No matter whether he's a man or a woman, he's just happy. He's not a happy thing. If you laugh at him, it's a bad thing. So I just endured it. I didn't get up and I was two or three days away.
(69:33~70:33) I started to see someone discussing this. He said, no matter if it's a man or a woman, being happy is a tragic thing. How can you make him laugh at the news? These people are so low-key. But I think he's very kind. Why do you think it's funny? The reason why it's funny is not because he's happy. It's actually because he's a criminal. And it's not because he's a criminal. It's not because he's a criminal. It's not because he's a criminal. It's because he's been in this year or two. It's been three years. The criminal is a man or a woman. The image of the negative side is set on the table. So there's a criminal who's in this society. He's in this image of being left behind. Suddenly, the news show that the criminal was forced to confess. At that moment, you know, the feeling of being punished by the criminal. You feel the panic. So I can't help but think that it's funny. The criminal is also in the lower part. Our company has two criminal. One is Ali. The other is You Xian. So of course, this news
(70:33~71:33) I'll share it with them later. Please be careful. You have to be careful. Is this thing funny? I don't think it's funny. But I know this thing. It's hard to use a normal way. Let everyone think it's funny. But it won't happen. So we can only say that the criminal is a kind of evil. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part.
(71:33~72:33) The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part.
(72:33~73:33) The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part.
(73:33~74:37) The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part. The criminal is also in the lower part of the hurts. The criminal is also in the lower part of the wounds. The criminal is also in the lower part of the wounds. The criminal is also in the lower part of the wounds. Now, our catch. So you know how many days ago I saw I saw a article, not a letter, someone interviewed Bo-en. Actually, it's a small piece of paper. I don't know what interview it is. Anyway, there was a sentence in the middle of the article. He said, you should ask him about religion. Bo-en is not a priest, he's been talking about this for a long time.
(74:37~75:37) But I didn't ask him. Bo-en's name sounds quite religious. He should have some religious beliefs. Because Bo-en's name sounds like his family has a religion. But this is my guess. But the point is, he asked him about religious beliefs in the interview. He said, I'm a non-catholic. I've been on my channel for 2-3 years, and I've talked about it in the past. I'm also a non-catholic. Non-catholic means, I don't know if there's a god in the world or not. I respect the attitude. I don't think there is. I just think I don't know. So, someone said non-catholic is a kind of non-catholic, a kind of non-catholic, non-catholic. Because you don't say there's a god. But you don't admit it, so you're non-catholic. You say, I respect it. So it's called non-catholic. But I've talked about it before. It's interesting. He said, I'm a non-catholic. The person next to me,
(75:37~76:38) he said, you're like Gwaji. I don't know who the person next to me is. Because the video is a bit off. I just cut this part out. And then, I was surprised. Because I don't know who the person next to me is. He knew I was non-catholic. I think if my hearing is not very good, he might not know this. He doesn't know I've talked about it. So I thought, wow, he's a fan. Or my hearing. Otherwise, how would he know that Gwaji is non-catholic? Okay. The point is, in this video, the point is not to discuss the video that was cut out. Let's talk about his non-catholic. It's not about Gwaji and this thing. No, he just wanted to talk about non-catholic. And then, someone said, you look like Gwaji. This is a kind of shame. I thought, look at you. This whole paragraph has nothing to do with me. I have to pick this out. What does it mean? Is there a need? Then, you know, in some groups,
(76:38~77:39) it's similar to Bo-en. It's also a kind of shame. Do you understand? It's not just... It's like this. It's like this. Likewise. Then... That's the sound of a nine-man. Oh, that's a nine-man. Oh my god. That's the sound of a nine-man. There's a nine-man. Holy shit. Why does K come to listen? It's weird. Oh, the middle part. That's the sound of a nine-man. A nine-man would know this. It's amazing. Alright. Anyway, I'm thinking about which one is better. But I have to say one thing. Actually, I think in this society, there are many things. You don't have to pick the shortcomings. You'll like it. There are some theories. You know, whether it's chicken soup, or some investment material, or any... You know, there's a official article. As long as you think, you'll find a lot of problems. I'll give you an example. I've published an article in the past. Most of them are about his
(77:39~78:39) knowledge, his pocket content. I'm not sure. Anyway, someone came up with it. He said that in his observation, he was successful. He also wrote a little bit. He was successful in his definition. He was a good witness. Then he had a career. How and how. He wrote a few conditions. He said that people like this are usually very loyal to their family. The reason is because they have a relatively low social status. And the foreign exchange is too expensive for them. So they usually don't choose to do such a risky behavior. So I think when Gu Bai's case is like this, he's completely standing in a kind of economic and economic-oriented way of discussing. He's not saying that these people are more expensive. He's just explaining that for these people, the middle-class is like an investment behavior. If I choose foreign exchange, if I do this risky investment, I might not have a high chance of being a good writer. So I don't do this kind of investment. He's actually talking about this. And I don't think he's just considering that as long as this person has a high social status, or he's a successful person, he won't be a bad person. Actually, no. But I saw someone end up saying Gu Bai is a small person.
(78:39~79:42) Is he a successful person? Someone criticized this question. I think this question is not wrong. Because successful people do need to be customized. Then, is Gu Bai the definition of successful people? You can think about it yourself. I personally think people who ask this question are usually not successful people. Because successful people won't deny Gu Bai being a successful person. I think it's not right to deny people. I don't know why I have to say this. It's so boring. Then... Okay, I think there's a good way. Next, there's HPP. Gu Bai said, I know some... There are some politicians, some celebrities, they're also foreign. Who said successful people are not foreign? Isn't this nonsense? This is not a trap. Everyone has different behaviors. And it's not a certain thing. And this video says successful people are the definition of successful people. Everyone is talking about it. It's not the same. So actually, you have to pick the problem of this sentence. Actually, there is definitely one. But is it necessary? He said that the only thing is to say the risk of foreign is very high. This is his point. Does this sentence need to be reversed? Actually, it doesn't need to be reversed. Then, later,
(79:42~80:42) I still remember what I saw today. Oh, I saw it. I saw someone posted a article. He said adults only choose to choose not to be taught. Actually, this sentence has been passed on for a long time. It means that children are not mature enough. He would think that I have to persuade others to communicate with others and change their mind. But when there is a person who is mature to some extent, I will think oh, why do you need to spend so much effort? I'd rather just choose directly. I don't want to be directly in contact with people who are not suitable. I don't need to be taught. So adults only choose not to be taught. Then I saw someone say this sentence is a poisonous chicken soup. Because he thinks that this society needs more communication, persuasion, so that it can go forward. Actually, he said this sentence is actually true. But this sentence is not you know, adults only choose not to be taught. Actually, he is not a poisonous chicken soup. He is actually just talking about it. He is also talking about a way of investing in the financial system. That is to say, actually, the cost of persuading others is really too high. So if you are mature, actually, you don't need to spend effort to persuade others. Because for you, there is no benefit. You should put your mind
(80:42~81:44) to invest in yourself and let yourself be happy. This sentence means but if you don't care about cost today, don't care about CP value, you think communication, persuasion is an important thing. Who is doing this? That is the political figure. Political figure is even if CP value is not enough, I will try to do it. If you are a good political figure, I will do this too. But you are not a mature decision. I am not a mature and important CP value person. I will make a decision. So I think when you see a useful sentence here, but you have to find its weak point or weak point, actually, your life is actually very boring. I think this society is now full of like this. You see what others are talking about. The first thing you have to do is find a place where it is wrong. I just want to say a few words first. Why? I also want to say a word about chicken soup. These people only lose their social success and put their energy into this. Don't need to find other people's motivation. And then, how much is the truth? Successful people
(81:44~82:44) will find these meaningful places instead of finding the wrong motivation. That's it. I have a new year's hope this year. My new year's hope is that in the past I have been holding a principle for the 49 years. If there is something interesting, I have to do it. If there is a fun adventure, I have to be fearless. So I will always give myself a lot of new tasks and challenges every year. I want to learn something new and become a better person. But I think at the age of 49, I think in the past two years, I have been through a lot of things. Especially in the year of 2024, I feel that I have been through a lot. I really thought about it. I think I rarely set a new year's hope.
(82:44~83:44) I have never learned anything new. But I really thought about it this year. I think I have to reduce 30% this year. I will do what I did in the year of 2023. In the past two years, I have done things that I will do in three years. I have to remove 30% of it. I don't want to do it anymore. I want to give up. I haven't decided 100% on what to do. Because I think that my life has not been so much of a burden. I have done so many things that just make me more painful. So I have to put some weight on my shoulders. These things I have put them on the table of memory. It becomes a collection. But for me, at least for me in 2025, there is no need to invest or work hard anymore. Because I think in my next life, I have to leave that time to myself to do something that is meaningless and simple to make me happy. I don't think that every thing
(83:44~85:46) needs challenges. Because I don't need to prove myself as the most important task. I think that only making myself happy is the most important thing in my 2025. So I think that maybe you didn't reach this age. Maybe your life is different from mine. You don't have to learn from me. But if you also feel unhappy, I think you can take this as your life goal. Let's do something that is not necessary and cut it down in 2025. I will let you know that I gave up on something. Sometimes, you just don't do it. That's it. I want to say Happy New Year to you. Since you said that, you must... Let's welcome Liu Dehua.
(85:46~86:50) Happy New Year to you. Happy New Year to you. Happy New Year to you. Happy New Year to you. Happy New Year to you. And you won't just be gone. Okay, this is the song I want to play. And so this is Christmas. I hope you have fun. The war is over. And so this is Christmas. The old and the young. A very, very Christmas. And a happy new year. Let's hope it's a good one. Without any fears. And so this is Christmas. For we can fall strong.
(86:50~87:54) The rich and the poor ones. The road is so long. And a so happy Christmas. For black and for white. For yellow and red ones. Let's stop all the fights. A very, very Christmas. And a happy new year. Let's hope it's a good one. Without any fears. So this is Christmas. And what have we done? Another year over.
(87:54~89:08) And a new one just begun. And a so happy Christmas. We hope you have fun. The mirror and the dear one. The old and the young. A very, very Christmas. And a happy new year. Let's hope it's a good one. Without any fears. For it's over. If you want it. For it's over now.
(89:08~90:08) And a song that my wife Yoko and Yang Zi worked together. And this is the new year. Hope. Hope. I don't know if I can say this. Maybe I can. I have thought about it. A few days ago, I talked to my family's friend. We were talking about... We were talking about the new 752. We had some free time next week. We were talking about the new 752. I think there must be a lot of content. Let's do a big review. And you can say, you are a true team. You will be scolded. You will be a judge. You will be a judge. You will be a judge.
(90:08~91:08) And who is he? He is a right-wing. He told me that he thought about it. We can record it. But we need to add a key. We need to install a power supply. If you have a power supply. What does it mean? I love to power the power supply. I didn't do it. We just set a rule. If you don't tell me, you need to power it. I don't know if I can do it. I feel so troublesome. I need to power it. It's funny. I think there is a rule. I feel so annoying. But we can't do it. We can't do it. I don't know if you like law.
(91:08~92:08) You can't do it. That's it. I think it's troublesome. They think it's annoying. They think it's annoying. I'm sure I want to make it work. I want it to be done again. But can we talk about the theme? I have a wish. I said I want to cut it. I said I want to cut it. But I want to cut it. But I want to pull it back. I will cut the other 35%. I will cut the other 35%. I will cut the other 35%. I will cut the other 35%. I will cut the other 35%. I think I have a problem. It's okay. That's it. That's it for today. Let's see if there is any comment. Hey hey hey. Erika said I want to cut it.
(92:08~93:08) Why am I so good? Erika is happy. Erika is happy. And Sasha. Pp158 said I like short films. I like the winter of the hot spring. But I like the yoga bridge. The opposite is the rhythm. I think it's not good to watch this video. I want to cut the back. I'm a little worried. I think you should watch it from a handsome angle. I'm not handsome. But if you want to watch it from a handsome angle, you can't do it. I'm not. But I think there is a sense of returning home with a real price. That's right. I'm happy with everything. I think that's right. I'm grateful for the ugly scene. I think it's very good. I decided to leave the feeling. Thank you for your appreciation. What is the content? What are you looking at? No.
(93:08~94:18) How is it possible? No. For example, I think it's very good to watch the movie. I think there is no long way to go. I always be careful. I don't want to talk too long. So if I was told that I'm using the movie for one third of my life, how is it possible? Sasha is so unlucky. Sasha is forever. I think there is a cool place in Xinjiang. Sometimes we record for an hour and ten minutes. Sometimes we record for an hour and thirty minutes. I remember I recorded for almost two hours. But no matter how long it takes, the length of the speed is always between 45 to 60 minutes. It will never exceed the speed. Sometimes it will become a little more than an hour. It will never exceed the speed. Because I think she is a supporter of
(94:18~95:19) the long-term content. So no matter how we record, sometimes we talk more. We still cut it all. I wish you a happy New Year. I wish you a happy New Year. Today is the first time I have drunk in Fova and TCRC. I wish you a happy New Year. Thanks for the long-term support. And thank you for all the help in the field. Thank you. I hope you have a good New Year. I hope so. Happy New Year. Oshavik said, my dad's spirit is not enough. What? Do you miss that part? Do you miss that part? Bees. Bees. They are all discussing with the crazy image. I really don't want to insult anyone.
(95:19~96:19) I have a lot of friends by my side. And they are real friends. They are supporters of the community. Some people are rational and don't know how to act. They have been friends for a long time. But I know he is not a bad guy. He sees me at least at least on the Internet with 10 or 20 people. To be able to stand. To stand 10 or 20 people. I have seen him like this. I didn't want to insult him. I didn't think he was the first person. I won't say that. I know he is a good guy. I have a feeling that you don't have to work so hard. You know, if I stand with people I have said this before. I have said this many times. Don't stand for others. It's meaningless. This is the war of others. In this world, no one will make mistakes and no one will make mistakes. So don't be angry for others.
(96:19~97:20) These things are worthless. Really. But I don't criticize these people. They say that they don't have a live broadcast every time. But they don't have a live broadcast every time. I think that's what it means. But I have been talking about it. Thank you, Fei. Tony T said, Happy New Year. I want to ask Tony to say Happy Birthday to last week. Happy Birthday to last week. He is old. If I hang out with him, he will save you unconditionally. Will he swim? Can he save me? I want to say something important. Happy Birthday to Tony. Sorry, I didn't have a live broadcast last week. If I have a chance, I will be happy. But I can't do it. Thank you for always supporting me. I want to say something to Tony. I have a lot of skills. So, if I can keep on doing this, I will call Junyu to go to Tony T. Is it okay? If you really need me, I will go to Tony T. Okay, that's it.
(97:20~98:24) I think that the world of construction is completely connected to the old age. I am afraid that people will be affected by it. No, I am afraid that people will be hurt after death. So, I think that I should do the first thing that will make people hurt. But thank you for your apology. Sorry to make you worry. Yuli, Stephen, thank you for your company for so many years. I have been very happy in 2020. I want to give a song, Sing Delia, Don't Tell Me I'm Wrong. I hope that everyone can have a good time in 2025. Let's see this song. I will say first. There are 6.3 million people. They must have been very sad today. So, don't say anything. But I think that the 2,000 people who are not sad tonight I didn't give you anything that will make you feel sad. It should be a happy time.
(98:24~99:24) I hope that I can recommend some classic B-rated music. I hope that you can listen to the song and see what you can do. I hope that you can listen to the song and see what you can do. I hope that you can listen to the song and see what you can do.
(99:24~100:24) Without your words to me All I've got is this song And your memory Darling if I'm wrong Actually, I think to go to Tokyo to see what kind of things you like Tokyo has a lot of things. If you like shopping I don't know New speed, bag, and stock. If you are a young person I think these places are quite suitable. But if you say what you like and if you like shopping Actually, I can speak clearly in this video. But you can go to Tokyo to see what kind of love and support. And old sisters and their channels have some more detailed some of the three-step strategy You can see some of the three-step shopping and shopping point But I also give another suggestion. Actually, going to Tokyo is worth shopping. Tokyo has a lot of
(100:24~101:25) great shopping. For example, the top of the top of the top and I remember the Wuzhangye Park is actually quite cute. I also like Wuzhangye. And the Qingshan Palace Although everyone thinks that the Palace is scary But I tell you Qingshan Palace actually I think the atmosphere there is good I can also go there to have a chat And then Anyway, I think going to their some parks and have a chat and relax I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing.
(101:25~102:37) I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a great thing. An act毫 I think so. Not saying I believe the opposition that play it It's not a bad things I think so either It's not a bad thing. Why that's bad Are you in Tibet? Are you in Tibet? Why dib you go there? You like three and and everything does its best to date Spending time with each other And then hey Yoda and then by this big pig we're so happy Time to start a new life like while you're in there please wish me best of luck
(102:37~103:37) please work together with the writer And after running the yoda I wish you all peace whether it's family, kids, or anything else, it's all going well in 2025. And then Masumi said, Hey, can Hai Xun reduce the three-layer? I'll control it. I'll try not to overdo it. And then Sumai said, Ah, you don't have the ability to control the speed. Don't make too many people play. Okay, I admit it. I admit it. I really want to read it for a long time. I can finish reading it. This is really self-sufficient. Ember Cai said, Happy New Year to the boss. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Finally, it's live broadcast. I'm happy. Do you want to see any interesting animation recently? I want to see some interesting animation recently. I want to see. Ember Cai said, Creature Commando. It's really good. And then on HBO. If it's... I want to see. Demon King 2099. It should be this name. I've been watching it recently. On that. On that... The animation style. Demon King 2099. I just finished reading it. You can watch it. And then if...
(103:37~104:41) I'm thinking about that. What's that name? If it's a movie. I want to see some white food. And then it's less capable. But if it's something cool. Then I think... The death of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of
(104:41~105:42) the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king g 정도 ah Wang Jay Lee, he said, I wish you a good day, I just received a card from my family. I'd like to ask the boss, will there be a World Cultural Heritage Day in 2024? Yes, I will do this. And then, Bono said, why did the boss say he would return to Japan after he returned to Japan? He said he would start again next week. Here's a live broadcast, he's starting to explain. Because I'm not in a good condition last week, I'm not in a good mood, so I just wasted a day. I'm sorry, let's talk about other things, okay? I just want to say that this weekend, I don't have much to say, I want to say that I will make a live broadcast. Jason said that he was the president of your company, he was super handsome, I'll always support you, and I'll support you,
(105:42~106:42) you're all great, I wish you a happy new year, thank you for participating in this event, Jason, you're really handsome, thank you. Benny Choky said, I wish you a happy new year, happy new year, and then, I'm really not happy, but I don't want to force you to do it, I just want to say it directly, you'll feel that I'm so bad, and I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and then, I just want to say it, so I just want to say it, I'm going to be a gold color, yeah, happy new year, happy new year, and then, I'm sorry, I didn't get the name, he said, thank you for being the president of your company, I signed the membership card, Y2K, that's it, thank you, I'm really happy,
(106:42~107:42) I think it's even better, what's the inspiration for Amber's I'll say it in half, I can't believe I can't believe I can believe so everyone has to use scientific evidence to prove their own theory, and then, and then, sorry, wrong, and then, he said, so cute, this, this, thank you, thank you for your support, I won't read that, I'm just French, and then, thank you, and then, if there's no one to sing, I'll just sing a song, and then, but okay, then, let's end today's song, because today, all the content is almost over, thank you very much, everyone, I'm sorry, I didn't see it,
(107:42~108:46) sorry, if I didn't see it, would you like to make it up again, you can leave it, I'll see it later, I'll sing it again, I'll see it, you can write it again, you can write it again, today's last song, let's wait for your comments, wow, bass, he said a sad thing, this is his favorite song,
(108:46~110:12) super Bowie okay, messenger of Wowang also we probably can film again? I'm not thinking like it, Because it's so hard. We don't have that professional experience. And then Li Ling, he said... There's a question about cultural heroes. Then, after the Spring Festival, we'll have a concert with Pei Cheng Cheng. And then wish the boss a happy New Year. Alright, Spring Festival, we'll have a concert with Pei Cheng Cheng. Alright? We'll have a concert with Pei Cheng Cheng. Then I'll have to see if you guys can cooperate. Alright? That's it. We'll have a concert with Pei Cheng Cheng.
(110:12~111:12) Hello, K.E.P.2. Okay. The most favorite singer is actually which one? I have to answer this one. My favorite is Black. All-time favorite.
(111:12~112:05) My favorite is Black. But besides Black, if we talk about Ping Cheng, I like the King of the Hallows. Wait, that's not right. Wu Wu Wu and King of the Hallows. I like them all. Wu Wu Wu plus King of the Hallows. That's it. Alright, let's answer this question. I don't know if Wu Wu Wu and King of the Hallows are okay? Anyway, Ping Cheng is Wu Wu Wu and King of the Hallows. Then, if we cooperate, all of them are Black. That's it. Actually, they are Black. The King of the Hallows. That's it. That's it for today. I'll be back with another episode. Bye bye.
