(00:00~01:08) beat I You
(01:08~02:08) You You
(02:08~03:10) You So Anyway, today is our Gwaji TV EP213. And when we face the bastard, we have to be a person. I didn't want to talk about this, but it's a good topic. Because I saw the beginning, someone said, Gwaji, will you comfort the manager? And then... I actually didn't watch his live broadcast. I don't know. I watched the news, I saw it. It seems that he did a live broadcast yesterday or the night before. He actually expressed it. And then... It seems that before the day of the broadcast, he actually has another news that he mentioned that he was on another show. And then... Suddenly this happened,
(03:10~04:10) maybe he was angry, he didn't like the breath, or something like that. Anyway, the situation is not good. He was a little sick, so he went to the hospital. At that time, of course, there were a lot of people. I saw some people who were leaving comments below, oh, a dead person, or something like that. But at that time, I didn't want to participate in these difficult things. Although the manager is not very good to me. He said a lot, I think, I think it's very unfair to me. But I touch this conscience. If you really watch my live broadcast, every time I talk about the manager, I will emphasize one thing. Although I have different opinions with him, but I feel that the manager should not be a bad person. I have said this before, and I said it not only once. So actually, I think if I put these two things together, you will feel that he should... For example, why did he suddenly go to the emergency room? Is he heart disease or something? Maybe he is old, I don't know. I am not a doctor, I don't know his pulse. So I just guess, that is, it may also be a psychological problem. Because in the world, actually, I probably... I once had a sudden midnight. I didn't have any fuel, I couldn't breathe.
(04:10~05:10) I don't care how hard I tried to breathe. But you just feel that you are not breathing in the air. Then you are getting more and more boat. And then you even feel that you are dying. Because I have never had such experience before. I was scared. I just rushed to the emergency room. Later, actually, I remember that I took a oxygen mask. Or what? And then I rested for a night in the emergency room. Then I slowly recovered. Later, I took medicine or did some treatment. I probably didn't do any treatment. But I already forgot what I took. But in general, actually, I don't know what happened from beginning to end. There is no reason for any illness. There is no doctor to explain it to me. But in general, it is better to take medicine in the morning. I am not saying that I am pretending to be sick. Because at the moment, I really feel scared. I think I am dying. Because I have never experienced such a thing. Now I think about it. In fact, I think that is a psychological reaction. Maybe because of serious anxiety, pressure or various conditions. Sometimes your body will protect your mechanism. Anyway, it is that it knows that your condition is not right. So it will turn off your mechanism or what? It will force you to rest. Or various types. The body is a kind of psychological reaction. A kind of state of psychological reaction. I am not saying that the director is not like this. Because I am not a doctor.
(05:10~06:10) So I don't want to talk nonsense. But I just guess that it may have a lot of psychological pressure. I believe that for his staff, and his family, and his children, he should be a good boss, and a good husband, or a good father. I hope that he can find his health. Whether it is psychological or psychological. Probably like this. Because I just saw someone saying that it is a life-size... Why am I investigating this? Because I just saw someone saying that it is because of the life-size shoulder-width room. But I don't remember that the news mentioned it. Of course, I didn't watch the live broadcast. I don't know if they mentioned this. But I just saw the news. He didn't mention the life-size shoulder-width room at all. Did it affect? For example, this one. Because the life-size shoulder-width room did. He probably... I think about it. Last year, I opened it. It was about half a year. About 6 to 8 months. I'm not sure if it was right. Last year, when he opened it, I met his staff on the way. His staff recognized me.
(06:10~07:10) Not that they thought I was a nobody. They were like, Hey, hurry up! They gave me the order. They said, do you want to come to our gym? I was thinking at the time, you know your boss doesn't like me very much. If you let me go to your gym now, are you serious? I think that atmosphere is very strange. At that time, I told my colleague that I wasn't interested in it. I don't think so. I think it's all fair and square. I really need to go to a gym. About 3 gym rooms in my house are about 5 to 10 minutes away. There's a gym in Wurjim. It's in the eastern part of the city. It's 3-stage. There's a gym on the way to the gym. There's another one on the way to the gym. It used to be a gym in Tong Yi. But then the manager took it to use. I haven't seen it in person. The manager has emphasized that
(07:10~08:10) after opening the door, the equipment used inside are all the best in the top. Then I started to do business. At that time, I thought I was just a big person. I didn't have any problems with my gym. I was a little bit old. I was about 7 to 8 years old. I was in the gym. Before the gym, before the gym, I was in the gym. At that time, there was a swimming pool in the gym. Although it was small, you could swim and swim after the training. The swimming pool was too low. So they took it to the gym. I thought, why did I come here? I lost all the charm I had. So I took it to the gym. That's about it. I thought about going to the gym. I didn't have any problems. I told my colleague that it was impossible to do a chest push
(08:10~09:12) when I went to the gym. I rarely do chest push. But I just do chest push. When I did chest push, suddenly, a hand that was hit by a hand came to me and helped me to secure it. If you are in the gym, maybe it's your coach or friend, he is afraid that when you do a big weight, you can't hold it. So he put his hand down. He won't help you pull, but he will hold it gently. When you can't hold it, he can help you to make a safe. At that time, I was holding my hand and I was doing the chest push. The chest push was lying on the floor. I saw the captain's back. I was like, I am doing this exercise. I was like, is your weight too light? Should I add a little more? I didn't reply. He added two pieces of paper. Should I try? I thought I was a little stressed
(09:12~10:14) because I was doing the chest push. But I didn't. I am not a coach. I think the captain should not be a bad guy. I was not a good friend. I didn't meet him often. But I have seen him many times. I have been watching him for years. He is a kind of kind person when he is facing the other side. If you are on the Internet, you can use the internet to talk about it. You don't know what you are thinking. You don't have the confidence to face the other side. I think he lacks the confidence of the other person. So I think at this time, he will become more unreasonable. But really, in front of him, he looks like a friendly guy. You will find that he is a good guy. Actually, he will soon become your body and your friend. He is like that guy.
(10:14~11:14) I can only say that his friends are different from the past. So I don't have the chance to meet him. It's a pity. Otherwise, I will say a few words as long as someone is nice to him. There should be a chance to change his mind. But I don't plan to do this. This is not my problem. I will start talking. I am talking too much. Does anyone really want to hear this? The inside of my heart is like this. Because I think no one should be tortured like this. I hope everyone can keep healthy. That's it. That's it. I don't want to talk about it. People will think that you are fake. But I just said the inside of my heart is like this. What's my light? I didn't sleep for three days.
(11:14~12:14) I am sorry. I want to record everyone's eyes. My face is so red. I don't know how to adjust it. It should be better. Your hair color is white. I don't care. I will try to adjust it later. I will talk about this. I will talk about something more serious. I shared a interesting story with Zhong Zitong. He said he is still in some place on the body of the交友. Zhong Zitong is still single. He is single. He is a member of the group. He is the content of the group. He is the network of the creative group. I think he has a wide range of交友 groups. I think it makes sense. He doesn't have to criticize anyone. Zhong Zitong is often with many different people on the network. He is in a relationship and he is dating and he is having a coffee or a meal. He is very good at this. Zhong Zitong has mentioned that he has a girlfriend
(12:14~13:14) who is on the network and he is having a meal and he is having a meal and he is having a meal. After a few times, he told him a secret. He said the girl told him that I will come out and meet you. He said he is a audience of the gossip. He is a audience that I like. I often talk about Zhong Zitong on the live stream. It seems that we have done some content together. He said that Zhong Zitong is not a bad person. So I can't define what it is. It is a simple interaction and a meal. I don't know what it is. But I just want to say thank you for
(13:14~14:14) giving me the opportunity. I feel that I am a person who is in love. This is the first time I met someone who told me that I can talk about this story on the live stream. He thought about it and said that it is okay. So I really think I am talking about a serious matter. No matter if you like me or hate me or hate me a lot but in this society I have made some contributions to everyone. I want this society to have more relationships and more love and peace. So this kind of Qiu Wei Jie is a bad person. If you are in a bad mood and you are watching my live stream and you are waiting for me to say something and you are waiting for me to say 6 million words I want to tell you that you should think about it in your heart. There is no way that Qiu Wei Jie is really good. Maybe you are wrong. I will
(14:14~15:14) go to the formality every week. It has been decided long time ago. For example, some people have started to invite me to September 10 or even December. So you know that this is really a lot. It is almost over in May. May 30 I did a DJ performance at the Bolit Festival in Taiwan. I don't know if it is afternoon or around 2 or 3 o'clock. You can check it out It is really funny. It is not for the台中取這個名字 because the main event is the Bolit Hamburger which is a popular burger called BULET I don't know why it is on the stage and it is called the Bolit Festival and it is a celebration why is it not in the high school and it is in the middle of Taiwan What does it mean? The Cultural Heroes will come
(15:14~16:14) It is the next week. Don't talk about it. I found out that on the second week I forgot about the things I had arranged I went to see the new movie but you know what? It is not the director who invited me I don't know him. It is the director of the movie and he contacted my window which is my microphone and I invited him to watch his movie and of course he asked about the time and the length of the movie because we have to arrange an empty room and let me put it in my form and let me have the chance to watch it and the other person said that the director of the movie is 10 hours and Jia Jia said did I hear wrong? and the other person said yes, 10 hours Jia Jia told me that the director he wanted to find you to watch the movie and the movie is 10 hours long and he asked the director to contact me and then he contacted me
(16:14~17:14) and then 10 hours and then let everyone see it and he said it is not like that it is not like that I am talking about he is you think it is a plot plot and then we confirmed it again and the other person said although it is a movie 10 hours but he divided 10 episodes you have to watch it for a long time and then leave you have to watch it for a whole episode but you want to watch it for 10 episodes welcome you I was thinking I don't know if there is a brave person who wants to challenge 10 hours what was it before was it a plot plot director? I remember it was about 3-4 hours I had to arrange the middle of the movie and let everyone rest for 10 or 15 minutes I remember I had a director friend because we were both middle-aged so he said
(17:14~18:34) we were middle-aged we used to watch 3-4 hours of the movie we didn't sleep and we didn't rest and we thought it was not a problem now we are sitting on the seat for 3 hours it is really hard we have to go to the toilet if he put 10 hours we have to have a little time we have to send the bill to everyone it is so ugly when I heard it I thought you must be watching the whole Taiwan but it is good so let's have a rest let's play a song music
(18:34~19:34) music music
(19:34~20:34) music music
(20:34~21:34) music music
(21:34~22:35) music music music music music music I think there's a viewer who mentioned that... Wait a minute.
(22:35~23:37) Let me see. Screenshot. There's a viewer who mentioned that he said that my friend, Da Liao Ming Zhi Da Shuai Ge, was born in the middle of the Chinese history of the Chinese language. Please say hello to him. Hello, I'm Da Liao Ming Zhi Da Shuai Ge. Happy birthday. And who's that? Aka said that he's 35 years old today. Congratulations. Can you say hello to me? Happy birthday. I've been thinking that I'm the fan of my life. I hope that's true. But it's not that I'm the fan of my life. I'm the fan of my life. I'm happy to say happy birthday to Aka. And Megumi said that she has supported me for 41 months. Thank you. Although I haven't been on the live stream for half a year, I still love to watch your live stream. Thank you, Megumi. Megumi used to be a Japanese... ...famous artist. Not only an artist, but also a communication artist. I think she's so cute. I like her too. I just took a knife and cut something. I bought something recently. It's actually a painting. I don't think she would buy paintings.
(23:37~24:38) I don't think she's a person who can appreciate... ...the type of artwork. But this is not my only painting. I bought the first one. But there's a reason why I bought this painting. One of my viewers... ...is a painter. He opened his own painting shop. He invited me to his painting studio. I made an appointment at the studio. He was happy at the studio. I don't know if he would go, but I was there. He introduced me to his painting. He was painting something. His paintings are small. One of his paintings is the smallest one. He said he'd paint it in a short time. He was listening to the live stream. He said he'd finish his live stream... ...and go to the studio. He was listening to the live stream... ...with me in the studio.
(24:38~25:39) He was listening to the live stream. He painted the painting as a portrait. I want to talk about this painting. It's not a portrait. He said he'd paint something. 100% is Choe Wei Jie and Chao Xiao Ou. Let's share it. The American artist said he'd say the same thing... ...as the previous commentator. Am I a beauty? I'm a beauty Wei Jie. Come on. He said he'd paint the milk on the right. Let me see. The black milk is painted with black and white. Hisnder is the upright knife. The egg does the sus. This was his image. People can see on top are his cosmetics. This is on-air cosmetics. You can use them for painting. He's gong in the same order as Choe Wei Jie. I thought this was a cute painting.
(25:39~26:40) After that he started the gallery. My clients wanted to take it home. The owner of the gallery told me some time... ...if he had to sell his painting. He said how much money he would sell Because he said I was the one who drew it So I wanted to buy it away Price is not important From the perspective of the viewers I bought a piece of clothing and he drew my work So cute This is not a good thing to give to people who are in the show I tell you I I buy shit I mean I don't want to say this I mean I want to say it I mean I don't get it I mean Ok, you guys go listen to Tomorrow's New Information There is a shit man You guys go listen to it yourself Because recently, CYLIN really likes to talk He might reply to you Shit man
(26:40~27:40) I don't know why he is learning that kind of singing But of course he is not No No It's not really what people give me I deliberately throw it over there Actually it's not And then There was a three-shot gunfire And then This incident Because I think after the incident Many people started to discuss What happened And expressed their feelings I can understand this I don't want to discuss this Because I think I have always had information And I think there is a lot of information In this society So in the limited information Then try to I think it's something that happened Actually there is no help Anyway, the police will have more resources And tools to get the truth We actually believe the police And believe the law And the law
(27:40~28:40) Before that He is not really He is not really able to suffer Or in any situation I think there is nothing to discuss But I think I have a question After this Is Is there such a person in Taiwan Because after the incident Because this is a really It hurts a lot So I think everyone's pain It's a feeling of inner pain I can understand this But is there someone running to the scene When expressing the pain And then take the photo Or ask for help to take a photo And then it's all about I really feel sad We all know Sometimes we will take a kind of smile Although that smile is not a serious problem It's like He might cry and take his own crying Wang Caihua has done this And then Cai Lin I think he has been model
(28:40~29:40) But the point is If you are really sad You will take your own crying Or Or take your own sleeping You can't just sleep Take your own sleep And you will think This is a really absurd situation So I think if someone Want to express their own pain I can totally understand Someone wants to go to the scene And express their pain And then leave a record And then send it to the community Let everyone know that I really feel very sad What kind of concept is this And then someone goes to the scene To express their own This kind of emotional And then ask for help But they are the only ones Stopping on the road Create more traffic problems I actually have a question Did Taiwan have this before? I don't remember Taiwan had this before Why did it suddenly
(29:40~30:40) Everyone started doing this I always thought that only in Chinese I would see this kind of thing But now Taiwan has it Do you know If you have seen the road The road is also a special name Chinese voice Because I was a researcher You will find out What they do when they are in a hurry For example, someone is red Or something important happens An important accident There will be a lot of live streamers Or net red And then there is a Like a bomb There are many Chinese people Have taken that kind of scene And then they are shooting Where am I now What kind of place is that How and how There is no logic No The mentality is already very unusual I think of course this society Whether it is China or Taiwan I don't think Taiwan is higher than China Where is it going Not this meaning
(30:40~31:40) But at least I used to think This kind of crazy feeling I don't think Taiwan is so serious Of course there are people like this But it's not that serious I have a feeling for the first time Taiwan is also like this I don't know What is the reason for the chaos But I can only say I think there should be Not so many people like this I just think this is a bit I feel a bit sad Why Tell me why But I think it's a more serious thing Although I think I still see this thing in Taiwan I feel a bit sad But Actually this society is still a little light James Asen has mentioned I studied human history I just read human history He wrote the sentence I have read it on the live broadcast His book is The student of human history will read it We all know
(31:40~32:40) But I want to talk about The big push Actually seems to be fake news Many people will spread some rumors And then randomly set up a What is Einstein or who is he Simply put, Mark Remy should not have said this But I think this The story itself is what Human push And then represents human interaction I actually don't want to complain about this story Because I think he is talking about a very positive thing If someone really said this I think it's actually very good But Mark Remy should not have said this I remember You can google it I think I have read the article about the bullshit Probably like this I actually want to talk about the positive story This story is my week When I went to Uber I met a middle-aged boy I said it was a middle-aged boy But I think the age should be similar to me I think I'm not a very standard boy Because many people will think Wow, the melon has been 50 years old And it looks very lively
(32:40~33:40) I'm not saying I'm very young I don't have to stick it on my face But there is a fact that I think everyone can believe Because many people may be young If he is like my dad and mom This person is now Every month he goes to the music festival And then pretend to be a DJ And then do some 5 way boys It seems to be a very lively feeling They will think that this thing is 50 years old It seems to be able to do a lot of cool things That kind of feeling When I was doing Uber I used to think I was like this When I was doing Uber I saw another very touching model I thought it was so cool She is a middle-aged boy She looks very handsome She is a little bald She is wearing a polo shirt She is an old woman I don't know why She suddenly talked to me She said that when she was in Taiwan She went to the concert But I think because she is almost the same age as me So she listened to Gonseng Roses when she was young This thing is very reasonable
(33:40~34:40) Because of the feeling of being old So I went to listen to Gonseng Roses But I thought she would not come to Taiwan So I went to Tokyo before To listen to her last performance Gonseng Roses Actually I have listened to Gonseng Roses 10 times Her live concert She was in the Las Vegas And then where When we held the concert I went to chase her She started to tell me She really likes to listen to concerts She went to Las Vegas To listen to ceiling diwong She was so happy That day Because she bought the ticket To see the ceiling diwong of Las Vegas She said that time she was in the capital She was going to the United States for the first time She was still in the US She was still in the US She felt that she was not allowed to go So she bought two tickets at the same time One was ceiling diwong The second was the concert
(34:40~35:40) She said that She never missed every concert She said that there were no concerts Because she bought every ticket I bought every ticket Some tickets were bought by me Some tickets were bought by me Anyway, she bought all the tickets And She also went to listen to the festival She also went to listen to the festival She said that she had a fire extinguisher She said that she had a fire extinguisher She went to see the world competition She also went to the concert She also went to listen to the three or four concerts She was in her life She was all there I never met her She was so cool She said that she was usually in the Uber She would go to the Uber to help people to take a shower She did a lot of work She said that she would spend her time She had a lot of time to work Because she had money to watch all kinds of performances She was talking and she felt so happy And she She spent all her money on her personal interests And then
(35:40~36:40) An old man who was lonely She also mentioned She said that She also went to the concert She had a daughter She likes to listen to Korean music Although I don't understand Korean music But I went to the concert I felt that She is a real life victory She went through I don't know I almost cried I think she had a Very beautiful life She was telling me this Because it's hard for her to meet a She can talk to her about Guns and Roses Because I started talking to her about November Rem Her album album She was so happy She was so funny She was using her hand It's dangerous She was using her hand to steal her phone She was looking for her live broadcast list After 5 minutes They were playing some Playlist She started playing Guns and Roses
(36:40~37:40) From the beginning I listened to Guns and Roses 20 minutes She found me And gave me the list Because she thinks that She can be with her I was so emotional It's real It's not I felt that My gym is about to collapse I'm sorry My family My staff I was talking about my live broadcast I was talking about myself I'm not talking about what people should do I'm not talking about what the audience is wrong I think I'm really qualified to talk about this I think from this year I'm very sure of my goal I want to make myself happy I spent a lot of time To come to this step I hope that you don't spend as much time as I did Alright, that's it for today Of course, I'm going to play a Guns and Roses I'm going to play one
(37:40~38:40) When I was 17 As long as it's high-end hot music Almost every song in the first song Will be this one I hope that you can play it This is another song I'm not playing this song I know how you feel inside I've been here before Something's changing inside you And don't you know Don't you cry tonight I still love you baby Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight I still love you baby
(38:40~39:46) Don't you cry tonight I still love you baby Don't you cry tonight I've been playing this before Don't you cry tonight There's never going to be Baby I'm not going to cry tonight Can you whisper And give me a sign Can we kiss before you Tell everybody Don't you take it so hard now And please don't take it so bad I still be thinking of you And the times we had Baby I know you'll cry tonight
(39:46~40:48) Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight There's a never-before Baby I know you'll cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight And please remember That I never lied
(40:48~41:48) And please remember How I felt inside Now I'm mad You gotta make it your own way But you'll be alright Now, sugar You'll feel better tomorrow From the morning light No, baby I know you'll cry tonight I know you'll cry tonight I know you'll cry tonight There's a never-before Baby I know you'll cry tonight Don't you ever cry tonight Don't you cry tonight
(41:48~42:58) Baby, baby, Sunday Don't you cry tonight Don't you ever ever cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight Don't you cry tonight
(42:58~43:58) I'm so sorry I didn't broadcast until now I can't believe it Violet said She just said she was flying I didn't see it I'm flying to Singapore now Ladies Gaga, congratulations Great Have a good trip I have a favorite Food blogger No, it's a food blogger A food blogger Amber I have her cooking book I like her cooking video I think her cooking video will make me learn a lot But I have to say, because she makes a lot of cooking It's not something that ordinary people can easily get on their feet The steps and materials are quite complicated So when I watch her video I feel like Can I copy this? So she looks a bit like a miracle You can't really do it I think it's something that people in the house don't have But because she really loves to use a material
(43:58~44:58) So I bought it I bought it I bought it I tried it in many restaurants Because you bought it You don't need to be afraid of breaking it So I started using Okay, that's it I hope that your Violet Everything goes well This nine-packed secret book I'm going to use it to cover live broadcast I'm not going to be lonely Be careful Remember to check the bed Everyone is with you I think the garden is also in the hotel There are many people Who are now in the hotel Everyone can have fun And listen to my live broadcast I don't think I'm lonely I thought it was a bit like a tour The last live broadcast was recommended by the boss I was broken for two years I've been harassing people since the beginning Now I'm just using my current nickname Little three ex-girlfriends A group of news that happened to her Continuous harass
(44:58~45:58) Time to change the password The verification code is also useless The police at the moment can't handle it The evidence is not enough The body and body are the same But the people around me are harassed It's really annoying The boss asked me if I could do better Metacoff can't handle it My phone is also in the verification code If the verification code is only your phone How is it useful Because you know this I can't give you technical advice Because I think you I believe there is a way to do it You may have tried it You also went to the police So I really don't know What else can be done I think you can give you a comfort In the mood I don't think I'm qualified I'm not a person who can handle things Breakup I'm a little nervous But okay I'll tell you something I'll tell you my point But I'm not good at it
(45:58~46:58) But this is my observation Sometimes Too much of a heart-to-heart attitude It may be a kind of harm to you or her You and her Can't give up easily Sometimes In fact, you still have to Your attitude You may think you're a person So you may be gentle Try to be polite to your ex-girlfriend How But because of this It may cause her to have a thought Can't give up So maybe you're not that bad But maybe you should be a little bit more evil At this time Then maybe you should Take some I don't know if you've done The sharp sharpness Think of a way Let her know she can't continue like this Let her know This relationship Is meaningless and entangled But of course, maybe you've done it Maybe you think this is a mistake If I'm in this position
(46:58~47:58) Then I can only say Think of a way to find the solution to technology quickly Because I think it sounds too unreasonable Since you have this account And You have the only verification method In the end, there should be a way To make her not be able to do any more Trunk action Okay, that's it Okay I actually have had some personal experiences I have this feeling that you have to be a bad person Otherwise, this thing will never end That's it Okay, that's all I recently Actually, talking about the construction of the plant It reminds me of Actually, I recently went back to the building Actually, I've been in the building for more than a year I haven't been in the building There's no rules to do heavy training Or more intense exercise But I've been thinking about To change my body And then I want to make myself healthier And then look better So I
(47:58~48:58) I just ran to the construction site near my house I just said I have three buildings in my house I I can't go there Although I don't think I'm really good But I can't go there And then, the wardrobe I don't like the style So I went to the construction site The construction site was actually I've been in touch with them for a while So they treat us well But I don't want to use the out One is I am a internet celebrity Please give me some bonus Or give me free pass I don't want to do such a weird thing So I just Go there very quickly And then I just I told him I want to make a reservation I want to make a reservation Then I quickly took out the credit card And then paid the money Because I'm really afraid of being suspected That's what I'm here for What's good or what I'm really afraid of this kind of thing That's not the point
(48:58~49:58) The point is that I paid the money And then because I haven't been there for a year So I haven't worn a sports uniform for a long time Because you are a sports man So I'm wearing a normal clothes So I found a sports pants in the closet at home It was before When the Muyao 4 sports meeting And then because of the love And then they have a sponsor So they gave me that sports pants I want to wear this sports pants I want to wear a T-shirt Then I went to the sports pants And then I went to the sports pants It's a little weird Actually I rarely wear this type of sports pants Because I might wear a suitable sports uniform But rarely wear sports pants That sports pants actually has a inside It's like a inside of a triangle Then I went up there He pulled my inside pants It's a kind of uncomfortable It seems like it's stuck on the wall I think this design should not have to wear a underwear But really is like this If I didn't wear underwear It would be really embarrassing What is it obvious
(49:58~50:58) But I really think that wearing underwear is almost the same No, it's not possible So I decided to say But I'm actually wearing underwear It's a kind of It's like a triangle Because I'm going to a place where there are a lot of people And then exercise I really think about this The way this dress is right Oh, I was always right Thank you for telling me I just went to exercise like this One of the goals is to ask everyone Is it true that wearing underwear like this I'm not a monster Then Okay, yes No problem I was exercising for a while Then the next day I don't feel any strength when I just started exercising Just a little fatigue But I think everyone should be in the same mood I'm looking forward to the next day My whole body hurts If it hurts, I don't feel enough What have I done? Did I really exercise? Or was I too good to myself? Fortunately, I was a little bit
(50:58~51:58) It hurts So I think when the inevitable pain comes There's really a kind of Oh, I didn't do too well And then I finally finished exercising But I want to talk about one thing Before Then This My wife once said My butt The process of cutting the paper Because my body fat has dropped from 24 to 17 How much is it now? But 17 is One week before the cold He said my butt has also been sealed The whole thing is collapsed Then it's gone. He feels very sad He said, ah, your butt I'm not even seeing your butt So at that time I actually thought Otherwise, when I returned to the gym Remember to do a squat Then no matter if you use this This pole, zero pole, or This is the equipment Just do some of the movements related to squat I can't put my butt back Anyway, is there a chance to put your butt back? Then I went
(51:58~52:58) I suddenly found one thing If you are in the gym I didn't have such a observation before But if you go to the gym, you will find Maybe there are four or five chest push machines All male Women are actually very few And the boys love to do chest push Chest push is usually super hot And the machine that trains the shoulders is not so hot It's usually empty But chest push will always have people And then and then and then you have to line up And then the boys are going to train chest But you go to see the chest push There is no male and then it's all women Women are training chest push Then I took two women in front of me Then I was waiting for the chest push machine I kept going around Then I was in the middle of the round I was doing chest push machine And then the one behind me was a woman Is there no one No male is doing chest push And then everyone was Because you know my underwear My underwear is No No clothes
(52:58~53:58) And then I feel a little bit jealous Although I may have been too selfish But I think Everyone is thinking This person does not know who I am Everyone does not know who I am What is this man I feel like I am so weird I really don't do chest push I want to ask everyone I think that day I really don't want to go back to the gym But I have always felt so greedy I did a lot of stupid things Such a thrill Such a thrill my body What a touch My body It's too much My body Check it out My body
(53:58~54:58) Check it out My body Check it out My body Every man wants to be A macho macho man To have the kind of body Always in demand Jogging in the mornings Go man go Workouts in the hell's fire Muscles flow You can best believe that He's a macho man Said he took it down with Anyone he can Hey, hey, hey, hey Macho macho man Macho man I got you deep Macho macho man Macho man I got you Macho macho Macho macho man Yeah I got you deep Macho man Macho macho man Yeah
(54:58~55:58) Macho man Woo-hoo Body, body There's no harm Body, body Not to fall Body, body Please, my body I'm to teach you my body Body, body Be true Body, body Be my body Body, body Baby, I got my body Baby, there's no harm Body, body You can tell a macho He has a bulky walk His western shirts and leather Always looks the most Fuck you with body He's a king Calling Mr. Eagle Take his chains You can best believe that He's a macho man
(55:58~57:03) He likes to be the leader He never just screams Hey, hey, hey, hey Macho man Macho every Macho macho man Macho man Machio man Don't don't don't don't don't don't My show, baby
(57:03~58:05) Everybody is so hot, so hot, so hot Wow, this song is so long The tempo is so long Alright, Bao Jia Li Ya, split legs I'll go back and study how to do the movement You don't know to be a macho macho man Live a life of freedom Macho make a stand Have your own lifestyle And I deal Persistence, strength, confidence Life's not still You can't better believe that He's a macho man He's a special person in everybody's land Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Macho macho man I gotta be a macho man Macho macho man I gotta be a macho man I gotta be a macho man
(58:05~59:05) I gotta be a macho man Macho macho man I gotta be a macho man I'm got you, on the top Macho macho man Macho macho man I got to be a macho Hey! Hey, yeah! Macho, macho, hey! I got to be a macho man I got to be a macho macho Macho, macho, man I said I'm a man, yeah Yeah! Alright, macho man. And then... Alright, let me tell you a story I never told you before. Actually, I don't like the criminal. It's not because he's a bad guy. You know, there aren't many bad guys in my world. There are, but not many.
(59:05~60:06) Actually, I don't like the criminal. I've never told you about it. I don't like the criminal. Why? Because I think he's so bad to me. I think it was around in the year 2021 or so. Anyway, there's a criminal. I'm not in that criminal. The criminal is there. And then there's a... a famous person. And then he asked the criminal, what kind of person is a criminal? At that time... I can't tell you too much details. Otherwise, you might be able to guess what he's doing. But I can only say that at that time, the criminal was in that factory. He told me about my bad things. But then this thing came out. And then... He gave me a bad evaluation. And then... That day, the scene actually said that there were about ten people there. Only one person helped me speak. They were all people related to the People's Party. The scene only had one person to speak for me. He was a guy that I was super unfamiliar with. Later on, because of this relationship, although I never openly talked to him,
(60:06~61:06) I was very respectful from the beginning. Because I think that time was very annoying. Do you know what happened in 2020 or 2021? At that time, when I was standing with Taipei, you know, at that time, many people thought that I was a famous person. I actually had a reason at that time. Because at that time, in 2020, the People's Party was just winning the election. And then the president won the election. And then... I think there were many extreme people who supported me. At that time, the atmosphere was very strong. They fought everywhere. And then as long as the opinions were slightly different, they immediately turned to the CCP. I really hate this kind of atmosphere. So at that time, I was quickly standing in that position and fighting against them. Of course, at that time, in fact, many people would think that I was a People's Party traitor. But I think this thing is very strange. I think it's a very strange place. First, the People's Party went through this... this... this... this... this eight years. I asked a question. Which election did I not come out to listen? From the local members to the president. I didn't come out to listen. I came out to listen every time.
(61:06~62:06) I didn't say anything. I didn't practice at all. Did I help people in the People's Party? No, almost no. There was also a period of power. But actually, there was no other. I asked a question. Where am I? I was... What's good about the People's Party? Did the People's Party give me anything? Nothing. So who betrayed me today? The People's Party betrayed me. I didn't owe the People's Party any good. The People's Party owed me. And... And what's good about betraying me? This kind of thing. Isn't everyone has their own concept? Have their own principles? So at that time, I always thought this thing was very strange. But because of this kind of relationship, I can totally understand some of the political tasks that may have a deeper relationship with the People's Party. I don't want to look at the surface and think that it seems good to me. But I don't want to be on the side with the people's party. I'm actually super dissatisfied. And then I had this kind of... You know, I'm dissatisfied. I don't like people. But why do I especially dislike the People's Party? Let's think about it. When the People's Party was banned, did I go out to help it? Yes. When the People's Party was going to be closed, I went to help.
(62:06~63:06) When the People's Party was going to hold a press conference, I went to the scene to help it be lost. The People's Party, at that time, was going to hold a live broadcast. I went to the show. I went. I didn't help it at all. But when others asked me, do you think Guaji is a good person, he was actually a good person. Why did you ask me? I was super dissatisfied. I still remember that time I already knew about this. And then, because he wanted me to help him, it was a bad thing. My assistant told me not to go. He said, why did you go to this person? He was super dissatisfied. I told him that I shouldn't do this. Ima Gui Ima, he really hated me. I also hated him. But you are, I think he was embarrassed. This is unfair. So I think I should help. So I still accompanied him to run. And then I remember the day he held a press conference. That day, a very boring story happened. But the story completely made me think that I would never help him again. That story was like this. At that time, I met another person in that meeting.
(63:06~64:06) I don't know who he is. Then he came to me and said, what's up? What are you doing? Because it's the day when the big party is going to vote. I said, I'm going to take the big party vote today. I'll tell you. In the past few years, I've been taking the big party vote every year. I'm always the one who takes the vote. I didn't use the film. And then, I never used the audio. I never used the audio. I asked, I asked, I said, I didn't take the big party vote today. I'm sad. I told him, I didn't mean anything else. I just expressed, I didn't take the big party vote. I just expressed, I didn't take the big party vote. Then the person said, you can ask the leader. Because the leader is the big party party that has a relationship with him. You just asked him to vote. I said, no, I'll think of a way. He said, it's okay, I'll help you. He suddenly said, big party vote. The leader said, he didn't take the big party vote. The leader looked at me and suddenly said, I can't do this. You know, at that time, I actually never thought I was going to vote for him.
(64:06~65:07) But I actually know that he definitely had to take other political figures. Because all the people in 2046 were the children of the political division that he organized. They all met at the scene that year. I asked, 2046 children will buy tickets to see the big party party? I tell you, I'm a big music fan in Taiwan. I usually buy tickets to see people. I used to make people remember. I bought tickets to see. The actors, the actors in Taipei. I haven't seen these political figures that were going to the big party party. Please tell me where they got the tickets from. I didn't really want these tickets. But I think at that time, I suddenly realized one thing. Actually, Lin Chang-suo will never do anything for me in this life. He just thinks that he needs my help. He thinks it's reasonable. Of course, he wants me to do something. He asked me to go. But he will never want to help me. Then after I understand this, I'll tell my office director. From now on, I won't say anything to Lin Chang-suo. But I won't I won't
(65:07~66:07) revenge or do anything for this. This is what I told Lin Chang-suo. That's it. But I don't like him. This is a fact. It's still a human being's reason. What is that reason? I want to tell you about the diplomatic mission this time. I tell you, I don't have anything to help him talk about. I don't need to help him talk about it. I don't need to help him talk about it. I want to tell you a reason. Many people are asking whether the diplomatic mission represents the job of a local citizen. Is it really a professional background? Many professional diplomats have worked so hard for so long. But they were forced to work without experience. Is this Lin Chang-suo okay? Will he talk about it? I want to share with you. The foreign countries are not the only ones who are independent. They are the ones who are working on the job.
(66:07~67:07) We only discuss European, American and other advanced democratic countries. Their principle is that diplomats are the experts in the job. Especially in Europe. Europe's tradition is a bit stronger. But you are a country with a lot of people. Like the US. Basically, the ratio of the political people is not certain. Some people may be 30% or 20%. Some people are political people. There are also many records on political life. Like recently, for example, the daughter of Ganai Di was a woman. Caroline. Caroline. She went to Japan's ambassador. She later went to Australia. She didn't have any diplomatic experience. She went to the ambassador because Ganai Di's family had a strong political influence. So, as long as you believe in Ganai Di, the three words are all in your favor. You will think, wow, you are really giving me the face. Because sometimes, you send someone to represent the value of your country.
(67:07~68:07) You send someone important or someone who is annoying to him. He will think, you are really important to me. Actually, the important thing is not whether he will say anything. You know? This is not the point. The point is, when you send him, he will be unhappy. You send a good person here. This is the point. Because Ganai Di has a strong influence. In addition, Caroline, she is a good person. She is a good person in long-term. She also did many good activities in Japan. She has a lot of communication. Everyone thinks she performed very well. So, she left a good record. So, after she finished the Japanese ambassador, she went to Australia. So, she is a very good example in the American political life. There are some, for example, in the film industry in Hollywood, she was sent to France during the Obama period. She also got a good result. But, I will post a document on the screen this afternoon. This means that political life is a good thing. It's not necessarily. Because political life, like Obama period, there is another one, the famous one, I have forgotten the name. He just got up there, and there was only a bunch of evidence. So, everyone hates him. He went back home with a gray head.
(68:07~69:08) So, political life may have a very bad result. Today, we are discussing whether a person can be done well. When he works as a representative, I just said, actually, the first one, the second one, is political life. Many countries can do this. It's not necessarily a bad result. But, of course, I would like to say, is it possible that the leader will do a bad thing and bring the gray head back? It's possible. He is so bad to me. And, he might have done a bunch of things in the North. It's possible. I don't know who knows. He might have done this. But, is it really weird to think that the leader of the party is really weird? Actually, it's not weird. Actually, is there any person who knows any of them? Of course, there is. But, he might be a professional translator. But, he might not be a person who can really be in the diplomatic field and can walk on the river. He might be a professional language speaker. But, he is really a good diplomat. Maybe. And,
(69:08~70:08) I just said, you sent to a place, what is the biggest key? People think you sent to the person you sent. For them, you sent someone who is meaningful to us. We think it's not possible to send Zhou Jie Lun. Of course, it's possible. You know, Zhou Jie Lun is in Europe, many countries, like Italy. Actually, he has entered the thousand names of the Liu Ximeng. If Zhou Jie Lun went to Italy as a ambassador, you think Li Dali will not be happy? They will be happy, okay? But, do you want to do it? I personally think it's impossible. But, you think this can't be done? Of course, as long as he is willing, he can send a report on the 21st. He actually said, that's the view of the United States. He mentioned the leader of the forest to send the ambassador to Finland. They think it's actually quite good, quite suitable. You know what? This is a very deep professional media opinion they mentioned. They think it's not bad. Actually, I think in Taiwan,
(70:08~71:08) I have to be honest, I don't dare to help him with his book. He will do it well. Who knows? But, you choose him to do this, it's weird. The relationship between the leader of the forest and the European Union is quite deep. No matter what, it's a work on human rights. You have to know that the whole Europe is super left and right. It's super important to human rights. It's also in the work of the world's human rights organizations. At the same time, because Finland is the world's highest national gold-growing population. And the European Union is also the source of gold-growing. And the gold-growing of the European Union has a unique sense of mystery, and the story of the legend is integrated into the lyrics of the gold-growing. Did you notice that the style of the forest and the forest band is actually the same? Yes. So, it's like in Germany, and the gold-growing music and in Japan. In fact, many times, when the music performance was performed, the forest band was invited to perform
(71:08~72:08) the work with the European Union or even the Finnish band. So, in the past, they already had quite a lot of things. So, I was invited to meet a new friend. If I go to Finland today, if it's me, I really don't know what I'm going to say. I can only tell him that I used Nokia's phone when I was little. It sounded like a bird. It's not a bird, it's not a good thing. But there are many stories that the forest band can tell. So, I think it's actually sent to this thing. When I first saw this news, I thought it was quite smart. The idea was quite cool. I don't think it would be a good idea, but it's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not a pity for other foreigners. I tell you, you don't talk nonsense. You just don't like the forest band. It seems to have any good points in politics. You think this is good. You think it's so cool. You think it's a great idea. If you really like it, why don't you work hard? There's no chance. You think there's no chance in Taiwan to let you go to any
(72:08~73:08) work you're interested in? Someone once thought that if you can choose a member of the party, I think Taiwan is obviously a big community with a lot of connections. And it's free. In fact, if you have talent, you have to work hard, you can't go to any work you're interested in. I don't dare to say you can appreciate the city, but you can't challenge anything. You're only looking at the forest band today. So you think it's not qualified to do this work. You're touching the conscience. It's not good or qualified. It's more qualified than most people in Taiwan. I'm not good at forest band. It's because I've been doing this for a long time. Anyway, I just want to talk today. I'll talk. I'll tell you one thing. I really don't have any reason to help him talk. I don't think forest band is bad. I think why forest band does this to me is because it's too heavy. It's a serious person. As a guard, as a real guy, do you need to train your muscles
(73:08~74:08) so hard? Do you need to tear up your upper body to show people? He's done it. A guy like this has a heavy chest. So when he's in the social arena and in the crowded place, he'll be out very soon. Oh, with this person, cool, with this person, I'm being trained by him. He clearly knows he needs my help, but he still thinks I'm trained. So he threw me to the side. And then when someone mentioned it, he said, hey, this is a bad idea. That's it. He didn't want to build a lot of deep relationships with me. I think people who are not sincere like this can be lazy. That's it. But the question is, what is the purpose of being a person? Is there a meaning? Is there a meaning? I think he's going to be a Dutch ambassador. A Dutch representative. Not a Dutch ambassador. It's actually very reasonable. I didn't get any benefits. When I talk about these things, I just feel like I'm really bitter. I'll be scolded if I talk about these things. But I think that's the way it is.
(74:08~75:08) Do you believe in yourself? Don't be so kind. Don't be like, you hate someone, and then you know you lost your mind. Then you start to lose the ability to really change. I actually clearly put my words here. If you think I'm wrong, start talking about my words from my point of view. That's it. Alright. I'm not going to say it. I think I should put the song of Sining this time. But why should I put the song of Sining? I'm going to put the song of Sining. In the past, I would still pretend. I'll pretend from now on. I'm not pretending anymore. Do you know what? I've been doing this for many years. It's been four years. I've never said this before. I'm not going to do it again. I'll pretend that I'm not a Dutch ambassador. I'm not a Dutch ambassador. I'm not going to pretend that Sining has lost his mind. I'm not going to pretend that he's going to die. I'm telling you, but this part is about putting the rock on. I'm not going to put the song of Sining. Damn. I think I'm drowning.
(75:08~76:11) I'm suffix-y-ated. I want to break the spell that you've created. You're something beautiful. A contradiction. I want to play the game. I want the friction. You will be the death of me. You will be the death of me. You will be the death of me. You will be the death of me. Buried. I won't let you bury it. I won't let you smile. I won't let you murder it. I won't let you murder it. The time is running out. But our time is running out We can't burst your underground
(76:11~77:11) You can't stop me screaming out I wanted freedom, I'm not restricted I tried to give you up But I'm addicted Now that you know I'm trapped Sense of elation You never dream of breaking this fixation You will squeeze the life out of me Barrier, I won't let you bury I won't let you smother it I won't let you murder it But our time is running out But our time is running out
(77:11~78:13) We can't burst your underground You can't stop me screaming out All it comes to is Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, you will suck The life out of me Barrier, I won't let you bury I won't let you smother it
(78:13~79:51) I won't let you murder it But our time is running out But our time is running out We can't burst your underground You can't stop me screaming out All it comes to is Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah
(79:51~81:11) Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey The End
(81:11~82:14) I'm gonna win big, choose not to like a limitation, just get close and do the reservation. To pump the pistol that you play for, this pump the feeling that you stay for. In time I want to be your best friend, peace I love this living on the West End. Knock out the boy you better come to, don't die you know the truth is some do. Go write your message on the pavement, learn so bad to wonder what the wave meant. White heat is screaming in the jungle, complete the motion if you stumble. Go ask the dust for any answers, come back strong with 50 belly dances. The world I love the tears I've dropped to be part of the wave can't stop. Ever wonder if it's all for you. The world I love the trains are hard to be part of the wave can't stop. Come and tell me when it's time to. Sweetheart is bleeding in the snow cone, so smart she's leading me to ozone.
(82:14~83:16) Music the great communicator, use these sticks to make it in the nature. I'll get you in depenetration, the gender of a generation. The blood of every other nation, you go wait the golden meditation. This chapter's gonna be a close one, smoke rings I know you're gonna blow one. All on a spaceship persevering, use my hands for everything we're searing. Can't stop the spirits when they need you, mob tops are happy when they need you. J-box, top pliers in the cheetah, birds that blow the meaning in the beep-o. The world I love the tears I've dropped to be part of the wave can't stop. Ever wonder if it's all for you. The world I love the trains are hard to be part of the wave can't stop. Come and tell me when it's time to.
(83:16~84:19) Wait a minute, I'm passing out when all is loose, just like you. Far more shocking than anything I ever knew. How about you? Tell me the reason why I need somebody new. Just like you. Far more shocking than anything I ever knew. Right on cue. Can't stop a dick to the shindig. Chop chop he says I'm gonna win big. Choose not a life of imitation. Distant costs into the reservation. Default the pistol that you pay for. Dispomp the feeling that you stay for. In time I want to be your best friend.
(84:19~85:22) East side love is living on the west end. Knocked out before you better come too. Don't die you know the truth is some do. Go write your message on the pavement. Burn so bright I wonder what the wait meant. Kick start to go to generate hub. Sweet talk but don't intimidate hub. Can't stop the guts from engineering. Feel no need for any interfering. Your image in the dictionary. This life is more than ordinary. Can I get you maybe even three of these. Coming from a space to teach you of the preities. Can't stop the spirits when they need you. This life is more than just a read through.
(85:22~86:27) So you can't always be sure if you're gonna start. So I suddenly felt like I should go out. I should go play. So I started to focus on the lunch. I started to pack up and prepare the food. When I could walk, I was already at 3 or 4. Actually it was a bit late. I was on the way to the train. I listened to this song. I said that the red light wouldn't stop. Actually that thing is like a movie. Because I heard this song and I felt so happy. When I was about to start, I was like, this red light suddenly came out. So I stopped like a little sheep. I was still playing Can't stop. You know, in your mind, you have to be a rational person. You're still gonna stop when you're rational. You know, it's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It looks like a movie. But when you're really about to cry, the music becomes very far away. You slowly stop in front of the red light.
(86:27~87:28) Air-dryer, cruise, I'll tell you. I don't know how to cruise. I think it's a very stupid behavior. Because I don't know what it means. There's no special benefits to cars. There's no bad thing, but there's no benefit. But it's like forcing people to drive. It's meaningless. I don't think I'm doing this. Because I feel embarrassed. I like it. I feel it. Then I go to the recording place. Then I go to the recording place. I'm going to Chiedongtang. Then leave Taipei. If it's a ride, about an hour or 20 minutes. Because you can't ride a high-speed road. If you can drive, maybe 55 to an hour. Then you can arrive in an hour. It's like this. It's a semi-native. It doesn't have any management. It's a land. It has been organized. You have to pay 300 yuan to go in.
(87:28~88:29) It's cheap. But there's nothing inside. There's a water tank. There's no toilet. But the toilet is very far away. It's like this. Because it's Sunday. It's raining. I have to say. I thought I could go in. I was thinking about the night camp. I didn't go there. I found a big iron door. Then... It says you can't go in. You have to make a reservation. I thought I could make a big and a small one. I rode a car for an hour. I said I have to make a reservation. I'm done. But the door is still written. I called the phone number. I said I didn't have a reservation. But I could go in. I asked the other person how long I have to stay. I said one day. He said he could go in. I said I could open the door. Yes, you can open it. The door is not locked.
(88:29~89:30) But it's a iron door. You can open it by pulling. I was like this. After I went in. But you know. I made a huge mistake. I decided to go in the morning. I thought I should wear the lightest clothes. I brought a small gold bar. I brought the simplest food. You can eat it. You can wear instant noodles. Some vegetables. You can cook it. You can have a good night. You can wear a small tent. You ride a car. You can wear the equipment. You can wear it. It's okay. You just need to feel the feeling. But you are wearing it. You start thinking. Should I bring another light? It's not bad. You... The weather is hot. You can't live well. If you bring a small gold bar. You suddenly feel that you can't live well.
(89:30~90:31) It's a pity. I thought that you can also cut wood. You can cut it. Don't burn it. But I thought about it. I thought that I should burn it. I didn't cut wood. So I brought a wooden stick. Do you know how heavy it is? You want to make a simple dish. Like noodles, vegetables and meat. You start to think. Don't do something serious. Start to pack. I also brought a bottle of pork. A bottle of pork. A bottle of pork. It's expensive. It's like $350. This is the most expensive meat in my refrigerator. I took out the bottle of pork. I brought a Japanese round knife. I thought that I should make a stomach-biting knife. I brought about 4-5 dishes. I thought that I should make a stomach-biting knife. I brought more and more things. I brought a small bowl. I brought a small bowl. I brought a small bowl. I brought a small bowl.
(90:31~91:32) I brought a small bowl. I brought a small bowl. I borrowed a new one. I didn't use it. I thought that I should bring a new one. I didn't use it. It's a mistake. It's almost 5pm. I've been there for about an hour. It's already 5pm. I've been there for an hour. I started to pack a bowl. I used to pack a bowl. I bought two bowls. I finished it at the first time. I was confident. I thought that I was a master craftsman. But this new master craftsman... If you're curious, he's a Japanese, GG1, but not important. He's a master craftsman in a Japanese brand. I've been packing for half an hour. I found that I was making a mistake. I removed the cover. I packed it again. I packed it again. I started to rain when I was packing for the second time. I thought,
(91:32~92:33) I'm going to be a master craftsman. I was about to go to 7pm. I was going to put on my makeup. I finished all the makeup. I wanted to live my life. But I was too tired. I was already dark. I wanted to cut wood. I had to take wood out. I like to burn the firewood. I wanted to make the fire. I think it's cool to have a technical experience. But I'm not strong. Fortunately, I brought a fire gun. I even brought a fire gun. I brought a lot of things. If you want to make makeup, you won't bring anything. I just took out the firewood. I used my strength to make it. I'm not interested in it. You've already taken out the firewood. You've taken out the firewood. To be honest, I'm not really good at makeup. I'm regretting it. I shouldn't have done this. I thought it was easy at first. I didn't do it. I just brought a bunch of things. I messed up and finished all the makeup.
(92:33~93:35) I found something. It was dark. It was a very wild place. I was near the entrance. The barrier. There was only one road light near the entrance. I didn't find it. I was near the entrance. The light suddenly turned on. It was the government's light. The light turned off. The light turned off. There was no switch. The light turned off. The whole night. It was like a dress. It was a huge light. The barrier I brought was not... I'm a professional. It's not a technology barrier. It's a thin cloth. The light came through. It was a huge light. It was a huge light. I had to say I was lucky. I brought a bunch of lights. I remember I had a charger. But I didn't have a charger. I didn't have the right to use it.
(93:35~94:36) I was so tired. I couldn't control it. I shouldn't have put the light on. I was trying to put the light on. I was thinking... I was thinking... If I had to win again, I would rather be killed. But I still did my best. I had a lot of difficulties. The recording process was also over. I was in a good mood in the morning. I was happy. It was a good experience. On my way back, I was listening to the KENSTOP. I was thinking... It's like... It's like life. There are not many times when I record. This is my third time. The third time. I get some lessons every time I record.
(94:36~95:37) But I slowly understand what kind of person I am. I am a person. The recording method is more suitable for me. I don't need to wear what I am next time. These are all things that you don't really want to be in. You don't get any lessons. So I feel a little bit of failure. But I don't think I have any success. I think this is the life of decades. I have been facing various mistakes. But I have never been in the right path. I have never been in the right path. I have never been in the right path. And I have never stopped. You will have a feeling. There is nothing that will not... will not do you any good. Even if it's a waste of experience, it's the same. Thank you, director. Thank you, director Lin. Thank you for making me various mistakes, disturbing and sad. I know
(95:37~96:38) that I may have made some mistakes in my life. Because I stand in the left or right corner of the stage. They may have some mistakes in their perspective. What the hell is this? What the hell is this? What the hell is this? Is there any meaning? I thought you were helping me. What the hell is this? Are you really helping me? What the hell is this? But I think we are all in the same life. We should have some traces left. I hope that in the next 20 years, the director and director will not hate me anymore. And we don't have much left. We can all sit down and have a drink. Don't care about how big and handsome your muscles are. Everyone is not important at that time. Don't be handsome anymore. This matter is not so important.
(96:38~97:41) Although I say this, it seems that there is no end to it. The fortune cookie reads The truth you want to see But that don't do me any good When you won't answer me I just wish I knew How to break through And cut the silence into These days it's been The time to be honest I wish I knew How to break through And cut the silence into These days it's been The time to be honest These days it's like I'm dreaming
(97:41~98:59) Still so close But so far away Baby I'm drowning In the feeling And it hurts when you say Say you need space But don't tell me It's too late No need to shut it down Cause we just need a heart We said Don't tell me It's too late You know it Too deep And I'm not coming up for air Either way it's over Either way it's over
(98:59~100:01) And as you figure it Your finger on the bed I think time has stopped Maybe it's in my head How do I draw the line Between confidence and pride Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides I must be dreaming Still so close But so far away Baby I'm drowning In the feeling And it hurts when you say Say you need space But don't tell me It's too late
(100:01~101:02) No need to shut it down Cause we just need a heart We said Don't tell me It's too late You know it Too deep And I'm not coming up for air Either way it's over Either way I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides
(101:02~102:20) Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides Seems I'm losing on both sides I'm losing on both sides Wow
(102:20~103:22) Hey For you Thank you How many years have passed
(103:22~104:22) How many years have passed How many years have passed My days Hey, I'm three years old I'm afraid to take a hope And set up a new love We'll share our dreams I'm starting from the beginning I'm not sleeping for three days I'm handsome Thank you Please ask Zhixunlan The live broadcast is open at 10pm this Saturday Is it only April or May? Oh, and your... April It's April, okay? And then, the head of the committee is shaking He keeps scolding you for talking to him Are you Saint Maria? Cailing told me he doesn't like the manager Don't tell Cailing about this And then, KuanKuan He said, please have a cup of coffee I went to a coffee shop And I met a KuaKi At first, I thought I was listening to the enemy But I didn't hear it
(104:22~105:22) Then, there was a KuaKi sound And I saw a KuaKi next to me I was so shy Thank you, KuanKuan You often introduce me to fun places I was so shy I hope I can meet you next time Your energy is so full The PS light is better You can buy charging or charging devices It's better How do you know about charging or charging How do you know about the headlight? Have you heard of the headlight? Because I'm really going to buy the headlight today And then Ricky Ling I've been on vacation for 10 days I went to Japan I've been on vacation for 5 days and 4 nights I really had a good time Traveling is really about charging The best way to recharge your energy
(105:22~106:22) I love KuaKua for 43 months It's been 4 years Thank you, Ricky Ling Then, Guo Xuan He said, boss, I finally became a KuaKua Someone asked, would anyone go to the fire department in Taiwan? I didn't I'm going to tell you I just got a call from the fire department I'm not sick I'm not sick I'm not sick I'm a great guy Really I'm not sick Really I'm telling you It's about experience I'm really good I'm not sick And then
(106:22~107:22) He said I feel like I have to say something in the middle of the year But I just want to say that I really like the boss Every week's live is my new WeiJie I have to split up every day Because I'm going to sleep Live is about to be broken It's broken for a long time It doesn't mean that I don't love you But when you spend time with me Thank you, boss I'll continue I'm telling you If I want to say Why do I think the boss is a good guy I have to tell you some secrets I shouldn't tell you So I can only say that I can't say it But I feel like I'm in the middle of the word
(107:22~108:22) Alright Nicole Xu She said, oh yeah yeah yeah Finally became a gold digger Recently I've been dreaming of building a island And then Eric ran to me and said I don't know what kind of pre-shoot this is Because the first one won't happen So Eric won't come out and hug you Alright I don't know about Eric But Taiwan won't be a big earthquake Taiwan will say Taiwan will always be a big earthquake But I won't be the one To hurt people There are many people who died And Eric I really don't understand Actually I really don't understand Eric How did he become A handsome guy? I really don't understand Or I really Have a beautiful view of men And women are different I never thought that he would Be a big handsome guy But I think
(108:22~109:22) Dodo Man is great I just realized that one day He is the person Who will be the most handsome guy Why? And then The mayor said that I have to play the 8th I'll give you a fete before I die Oh my god Where is this? Is it the director? Or is it Freddy? So funny Ivy Zhuang Hong said I'll give you a fete And then And then I think I agree I agree I think That's it Don't say that Don't be jealous I think
(109:22~110:22) My image Is more like The story of the sleeping beauty His aunt Or what Because he didn't invite his aunt So aunt was angry at the curse Then the whole The sleeping beauty princess All the royal family All the people in the castle are sleeping So scary I'm going to sleep in the aunt Bonnie She said I hope the crown prince can help me All pass I'm going to say this All pass All pass I just said All pass Elby He said Thank you Thank you Sharon I love melon I understand melon I will use human selfishness
(110:22~111:22) The same behavior I'm very content in the sixth year It's really cool I'm telling you I'm a human I don't want to be friends with Freddy But If I talk about the same topic today I won't reject his platform I won't reject his doing the same thing I won't reject his working with him Because that's two times Just to teach Freddy this friend I don't think it's necessary Because I think he will never be my friend That's it Cat-nose brush I'm so scared of being misunderstood But I can understand the idea of ​​pushing Don't be afraid Actually I I'm not afraid Thank you And then Sharon said I haven't watched the live stream for a long time I heard the sharing of the group today Thank you Thank you SSS79313 He said
(111:22~112:38) I'm sharing with you last weekend I know Can you give me a hint Is it a new work of the fish? The fish is really the most cute and the best Let's hear the sound of the fish How about it Today If you haven't heard If I search for Guan Shiyin What's the male and female Guan Shiyin Pusa I want to write the fish If I search directly The song that Guan Shiyin came out It's out Okay Let's listen The music of the fish If you Have not Listen to this song We are waiting for this Debut The fish is really the debut
(112:38~113:38) The song The song
(113:38~114:38) The song The song
(114:38~115:38) The song The song
(115:38~116:38) The song The song The song The fish is really the debut The song The story I think it's a reason. It's not that early in this world. I still think it's possible to feel happy. I don't think it's that hard. I believe everyone can do it. If you don't have this feeling, don't worry. Don't spend too much energy to work. Sometimes you work, but it's wrong. It's a happy thing. It will come out more easily. It's like a dream. Sometimes we'll suddenly have a good dream for a while. But if you keep thinking about it, it's over. I only have three hours left. But I haven't slept yet. I'm done.
(116:38~117:39) Don't think like that. Just relax. You have to think about it. Even if you sleep for an hour, you won't die. Even if you close your eyes, it's a kind of rest. If you give yourself this kind of feeling, I think slowly, there will be a chance to overcome this feeling. Of course, there are many reasons for missing. Not only the self-cultivation of the mind. You have to save it. You have to go through some internal honey, and medicine, and other materials. I think if I talk about the mood, I think the idea of relaxing is the most important. Hao Ding said, I'm afraid I'll confess this month. I've known him since I started. But he was my influence. I started watching the video with the live broadcast of Meizhou City. He even listened to Xin Zhao Jia's speed faster than me. Later, I was pulled to the platform. I was so happy to meet him. He was willing to be with me. He was with his three-year-old Jun. Did you tell me about this? You did, right?
(117:39~118:40) I want to go with them often. I want to see the next Hollywood star. I want to see the little cloud baby. I congratulate you, Hao Ding. You finally come with your little cloud baby. I'm so happy. Liang said, I've been in a car brand company for a long time. I finally saw the line from the core parts to the small parts. The new car needs 2000 km. I finally decided to leave yesterday. I couldn't wait to see the new line. I went to the company of the last four-year-old car brand. I don't think there are many. I think it's easy to guess what you're talking about. But the problem is, we don't have much time. Let's not talk too much. Liang said, I left the company for a month and I'm leaving the company. I'm going to study and leave the company. I want to buy a bag of bookstores.
(118:40~119:58) How can I buy this? I think I can buy a lot of books today. You can buy books for me. But I'll buy two books for you tonight. I can't buy more books. I bought a bag of bookstores. I'm a fool. If you buy a bookstores, you'll be a little bit scared. So scary. So scary.
(119:58~120:58) So scary. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to going to the wedding.
(120:58~121:59) I'm not used to going to the wedding. I'm not used to playing music like this. But thanks to you. Guys please go ahead and take your turn. Let's go. Why don't they put mo tense on the 4th part? Because we don't have fun than we are and don't want to to people in Chinese. What can you do? Make up the story on the first part moreover. He said, if you want to know who is the best, but you don't want to go, you can listen to the classic Chinese song of Kinoko. Stephen said, he wants to give a song that I heard today. Ezra Furman's I Need The Angel. I think it's a good song. Push. But let's see the time later. Wei Jay said, he is in a family with a strict discipline, and is used to doing anything as a tourist. He will not deny himself. He often doubts whether he has made the wrong decision. No matter what happens, he will be able to blame himself. He thinks he has no value. But recently, he has started to think about the story of the Liao competition.
(121:59~123:00) He is so smart and cool. He often does Liao competition. I can share with you how much pressure and comfort he has put on me. He really encouraged me. Now, he has a lot of patience for his Liao competition. Thank you for your company. I wish you and your mother a happy life. OK, no problem. Thank you. Well, this... How to learn to adjust yourself and the reality you have in your life. There must be a difference in this. You can adjust yourself. This is the most important thing. OK, come on. OK, last but not least, there is a message from Jim C. He said, the drinks left by Dong Nye were given to Gua Gua and Cai Lin. This week, his wife went abroad to release the wind. I am a 5-month-old baby in Taiwan.
(123:00~124:04) I hope she will have fun. OK, thank you. It's not an easy thing. OK, I tell you, today's last song is... This is... Sorry, I am following the order. There is no adjustment on the taste. Because you see, I just put it on and my friends know that this is not the song I will choose. But just now, I saw a friend who was just listening to a song. The order is in the next one. Let me see. OK, I know it's from Oshavik. Oshavik's song is... I think it's from Oshavik. Oshavik's song is... I don't know the lyrics. I have never heard this version. This is a song I have heard. And I also like that song. But it's a cover version that I have never heard. So... No, we can only listen to it. I don't know if it's the lyrics.
(124:04~125:13) And then, who sang this version? Ga Wugula. Do you know who it is? The characters in Hollow Life. So oily. Ga Wugula. Oh, it's this song. He didn't say anything. He said, f**king. It's Sari.
(125:13~126:16) I don't know if it hurts. I want to have control. I want a perfect body. I want a perfect soul. I want you to know this. I want a perfect body. I want you to know this. I want to know this. When I'm not around. So f**king special. I wish I was special. But I'm a queen. I'm a weirdo. I'm a weirdo. I'm a weirdo. I'm a weirdo. I'm a weirdo. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here?
(126:16~127:17) I don't belong here. She's running out of time. She's running, running, running, running. You're so special. I'm crying. Whatever makes you happy. You're so special.
(127:17~127:44) I wish I was special I like three I don't know what the hell I like doing here I don't belong here I don't I don't I don't I don't belong here I don't I don't
