(00:00~01:53) inhabitance,
(01:53~03:22) aww Who's next? Tonio Professor Podcast And Dear Who is next? As soon as you start your channel Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
(03:22~04:52) wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
(04:52~05:52) wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
(05:52~06:52) wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait When Saturday the show is over? Sunday or weekend Because actually, on Saturday I should have signed up for a restaurant on a low note But I don't know, maybe it could finish by 9? And for after I come back again, and for a live tape downwards These story proposes today, but I've prepared it So I think I can perform, I think so Like, I really want to be filming there, awesome But, actually, my wife didn't come from the recording crew So I just go by chance to pre for restaurant And then come back Why are you making life difficult for me? Good, good, good, Don't make life difficult for me I just mentioned where I am, the Great Frontline, right? The Great Frontline, and then the doctor told me, I think the Great Frontline, this is probably the scar, the serious one is probably the intestine, so it's best to do some more advanced, more deep tests, that's what the doctor told me, so I actually hung up the big lung科 later, actually I didn't hang up, I actually thought it was okay, because it sounds like about 99% of the time,
(06:52~07:54) it's probably just a problem with the gut, so I don't really care, but my wife forced me to go see the doctor, so she hung me up, and then I went to the grand intestine to see, and I was there, I wanted to see, I was waiting for a while, because the hospital was like this, the queue was long, after a while, I finally got to me, and I went inside and saw the doctor, the doctor told me, he was very brief, actually I think it's not a serious problem, but in case we still need to arrange the grand intestine, I think actually the pre-trial should be like this, so I think it's okay, because the doctor couldn't, immediately make a decision, although I think he could go in and touch the two, see if there's a gap, that might be the problem, but the problem is, but the main point is, always do a complete investigation is better, so I think okay, that's it, so I don't have any opinions, although I think the doctor didn't touch the pee, but I'm a little regretful, but I think it's okay, it's a very original ending, but I didn't expect,
(07:54~08:54) I got the grand intestine, it's actually September, I thought, I thought the doctor really doesn't believe, I will get some important patient, no, because I think the big hospital is really busy, according to the procedure of the patient, I can't be too ahead, because I look like a strong person, and then, in the 50-year-old middle-aged man, it's a healthy level, once approved, it's more than PR95, and then the same standard, every index is better than the general, and then I told him, I'm very worried, I might die soon, I think no one will believe, so it's probably like this, September, I only knew in September, I was really in the big intestine, or I was still in bed, I don't know what it is, okay, yesterday or the day before, it seems like this Trump suddenly said, he will make a big statement, and then, one day, I haven't heard him say anything, but I heard that he might say it later,
(08:54~09:55) I don't know what he's talking about, anyway, I'm telling all, whether it's the US, Taiwan, or the investment stock, and then, what? He signed with the UK, I'm here to observe the situation, he's talking about the UK, right? That's it, that's it, that's it, I just, I just had Google, the US official agreement, how can I, how can I, he's talking so much nonsense, I thought it was something, do I really need to talk about it? Do I really need to talk about it? I'm really almost dumb, okay, and then, can you guys see the image, if you can see the image, I really want to download this, the fire, the fire gloves, this is what I bought today, actually I always wanted to buy a fire gloves, actually I used to, because I often go outdoor, I often go live, and I actually need a fire gloves, that kind of gloves that won't be burned by fire, actually I already bought one, but it's not particularly nice, and it's not particularly useful, because actually wearing a mask is very troublesome, so actually, usually sometimes, I don't think it's too dangerous, I'm just lazy to wear it, I just, just, I can use my hands directly,
(09:55~10:55) just holding the, the fire wood, and throw it in directly, I often do this, this may not be a good demonstration, please don't learn, but today, actually in Japan, this OPI Tokyo, I saw this, this is a very good looking, this, this leather gloves, also these kind of fire gloves, do you know how to use them? I think it's super good, it can be used to hold the waist, do you see it? It looks very cool, right? It uses a hook to hold the waist, and then, okay, for example, this is my right hand, when I'm using it, I usually use it to cook, and then, to make something, suddenly, when I'm using it, I put my hands in, directly, like a magic, why? Because it has a magnet next to it, and then, I just move it like this, and then, I put it back, and then, I have to use it, and then, I take it off, and then, I don't need it anymore, and then, I put it back, oh my god, it's just a magic, look, it's too much, too much, wow, this thing, and it's so pretty,
(10:55~11:55) you don't think so, you see, I'm wearing this green, and then, I'm wearing this yellow gloves, and then, if I'm filming outside, and then, it's just a color combination, I think, the whole thing can't be done, look, this one is even more handsome than me, this thing is too much, wow, I really like it, alright, I'll share it with you, oh, I'm in Japan now, uh, just landed on the first day, and then, I haven't done anything big, but I'm in a good mood, so I'll share a song for you guys, today, I won't be doing it for too long, I'll just tell you guys, the reason is, today, I'm mainly telling you guys an apology, come, let's say sorry, the real content, we'll make it up to you guys, okay? Eh? Eh? Eh? Is this song supposed to be like this? No, right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, this song shouldn't be like this, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, too weird, Eh? Eh? It really is like this,
(11:55~13:03) it's like this at the beginning, it's like this at the beginning, Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? I forgot how it's supposed to be like this, this song is called Candy Heart, a little bit of a story,
(13:03~14:03) routine. I don't think I have the same song as you, the one that I'm feeling right now, the one that I'm listening to, the one that I'm listening to, the one that I'm loving, and the one that I'm having fun. Wait a minute, I don't have the song list of the ones I'm voting for, I don't think I have anything like this. I'm just not familiar with this song.
(14:03~15:03) I'm just not familiar with this song. I'm just not familiar with this song. I'm just not familiar with this song. I don't have the song list. I'm just not familiar with this song.
(15:03~16:06) Candy. Candy.
(16:06~17:06) Candy. Candy. Candy. Today afternoon, I went to Japan alone and I heard how this song was played in a mayonnaise attire in a cool way. I actually didn't live in the Needle tonight, and it was long time ago. These days I don't really like cars everyday, so I don't really sit in Japan days. I didn't come to Japan that much recently. The einzillian people in Taiwan liked to do these things over the weekend. It was a kind of 40 year transition and I think what's the middle aged people The middle of the East and South of the West are all possible to go to. At the same time, it's a very prosperous place. So everyone thinks that they must come to New Year's Eve. But I think that the New Year's Eve is not popular anymore. Because many people think that New Year's Eve seems to be very different. And then there are a lot of crazy places. Anyway, it's not a place where the old and the new year can come together. So New Year's Eve becomes like this. In the past few years, I actually didn't come to New Year's Eve. When I came to the East, I might come to New Year's Eve, but I won't live in New Year's Eve. I must live in other areas. But this time, the main reason is that I chose to live in New Year's Eve. Because we usually go to He Kou Hu tomorrow.
(17:06~18:10) I think it's easier to drive like this. I just finished my meal and walked all the way from the Ge Wujiji. I have to say that the atmosphere here is very special and very cool. It's like a scene that appears in the comics. And then there are various colors and materials. And then there are many colors and materials. And then everywhere is... What I'm talking about is not really bad. But I think there are different people. Light class, maybe mixed, cow wolf, and then this... Maybe the hostess, various kinds, or a simple, a living, a working-class, and then the cosplayer of the female coffee shop. All kinds of things. Just go everywhere on the street. And then you will feel that this place is full of full of magical power and very energetic. So actually I think it's still quite fun. Do you want to live here for a while? But to experience the atmosphere here is quite great. Then...
(18:10~19:11) I... I went to Lalapo a few days ago. I've never been there. But many of my friends in the red circle have been there. I've changed a circle and took a picture. And then... So it feels like everyone is familiar with it. But I haven't been there yet. So one afternoon, I was about half an hour or an hour away. I decided to go around the circle. Then I went to the second or third floor of a supermarket. Then I walked in and walked around. When I went in, the shopkeeper was very happy. He saw me and said, I really like you. Then after I introduced the clothes here, he asked me if I could take a picture with you. I said, if your boss didn't have an opinion, then that's fine. Then we took a picture with him. When we took a picture, he told me, you know, Zhang Zheng, Zhang Zheng, also came to our shop. I thought I was taking a picture with him. I didn't have a moment to be so stupid. I was very touched by the fact that I heard it. Because this means that in the heart of this shopkeeper, my stomach is actually higher than Zhang Zheng. You're so stupid. Then I bought 5,000 yuan there. I... My clothes... No, no, no. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding.
(19:11~20:12) No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm really going to be laughed at. Then this... This... Even Wang, he said, 14 days of work in Taidong, and his husband, Hui, had a hard time. Next Friday, he'll have 5 noodles, and he'll be able to escape easily. He'll face the danger. He's going to be a big hit! Okay, then we hope that Hui and this... The soldier will be successful. Now, the soldier should be 4 months. It hasn't been a year yet, right? So 4 months are very fast. It's just the level of the summer camp. The monk's uncle said, today, going to the central government department, Wu Zhen really became a big deal. The downstairs, the sky is so expensive, but the time of the week, the bread I bought, really, it's just delicious. I want to ask the melon market nearby. What do you eat? The department store, you mean... You mean the department store in Mingyang? The grassland? What do I eat? I'm over there. I'm over there. Actually, the most common food I eat over there is actually expensive. I like to eat the food in the small area. I really like eating the food in the small area. Because I think things are delicious,
(20:12~21:15) and they are suitable for the diet. If you don't eat too much, I'll eat there quite often. Is this the answer? Maybe not. I really want to play the game on the 33rd round. I'm not really interested in it. Because every time I play this kind of game, I'll become a useless person for about half a month to a month. I think I'm very precious in my work time, so I don't dare to touch this. Okay, I'm sorry to tell you, because I'm planning to not do this live too long today. So please forgive me. That's it. And then, last week, I went to the music festival. And then, at the music festival, there was a a netizen who said he was showing off his chicken to the audience. So what happened? I actually drank a lot of wine that day. At the the exhibition at the World of the Wild, I was really used to it. I drank too much. I actually wanted to finish the Poon Vipery and go home, but I really didn't feel like I was drinking. So I decided to go back early. When I went back and arrived at the door, I suddenly met a group of men. And then,
(21:15~22:16) these men were very enthusiastic. They said, Hey! Hey! They were dancing like a flower. And then, can I take a picture with you? Of course, I can. Come, come, take a picture. And then, I don't know why, suddenly, one of the men suggested, hey, do you know this? He said, do you want to see the chicken? I said, what's special about this chicken? He said, it's very special. I said, what's the matter? Is it a duck or what? He said, there's a duck. I can pick it up with you. I still don't know what this means to pick it up with me. But in the end, he told me later that his chicken is so big. He then shared it with me. Actually, at that time, when they were talking about it, actually, that chicken was very big. It was said to be a big chicken. He was shy. He thought it might be a little bit of a defense. He said, hey, don't make people like that. People don't want to see it. I think in this kind of occasion, I drink a lot of wine. Of course, I can't be weak. I just told him, who said I didn't want to see it? Take it out for me. And then, he really surrounded the group. A group. And then, he was a little shy. He pulled the pants down. I saw a big fish. You know?
(22:16~23:17) Yeah. It was really funny. And then, that day, the atmosphere of the music industry was just so happy. And then, I actually met some funny people that day, like Guan Jinggang. But because Guan Jinggang told me that day, he was close to, how should I say it? Because I have to say he might have drunk. If I say it directly, it should be a warning. Although Guan Jinggang may not be too too unfamiliar. Because he has been on a show and talked about some of the things that might cause a lot of wind. But I don't care. I won't help him to transfer. I can only say that the atmosphere here is really crazy. So, here, I share a song. Loose Control.
(23:17~24:17) In the chokehold. All day, all night. Can't we? Loose Control. I feel it in my soul. Equilibrium, little high, little low. I ain't worried about the Wi-Fi cold. Living in a moment till I get home. You ain't gotta get too close. Don't come around if you can't take a... Joe, Joe, Joe. I ain't trippin' if you rich or you broke. This a movie, everybody knows. Loose Control. Baseline, melody's. Got me. In the chokehold. Take these. Get this. Sip some. Loose Control. Baseline, melody's. Got me. In the chokehold. All day, all night. Can't we? Loose Control. She say she wanna fly me out. Try me out. Make her body pay for her potty mouth. Do your... Try your best when depression chews you. Your sun dress is jumpin' like the base. Well, I calculate how much money you're to take to be free from this place. And she laugh, clean glass, think fast. Anywhere in this world, you can have free that mind and that ass. Loose Control. Ignorance is bliss. Don't tell me shit.
(24:17~25:19) You can spit a T. I'm a sip. Baby, don't get mad. Use some rips. Loose Control. Shootin' in front of here. Shining got the spread. Don't miss. I'm all about my bread and my chips. The music in my head never quits. Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Baseline melodies. Got me in a chokehold. Take these, hit this, sip some. Loose Control. Baseline melodies. Got me in a chokehold. All day, all night. Can't we? Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. I don't know.
(25:19~26:22) Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Loose Control. Sorry, my voice... I watch the live broadcast of this channel, it's actually... it's all red, you know? It's just a broken screen. So I thought my voice shouldn't be a big problem. But today, my monitor... Because I'm telling you, I can't use my voice recorder today. I can't use my voice recorder. After I use it, my machine will catch it. Then... But it's about 15 or 20 seconds away. It's gone. So it's not a very reliable situation. So I don't know why it's like this. Anyway, I can't use my voice recorder today. So I'm actually completely feeling it. And then I'm doing this live broadcast. Then I have to say that today, I may not be able to continue to do the live broadcast for too long. Because actually, my wife is actually ready to sleep.
(26:22~27:23) Today, the last thing is to share with you a boring thing. I saw a funny message a few days ago. Everyone knows that actually... No, there's a article. That... A normal captain has a song called Love Restoration. And then Lin Junjie also has a song called Love Restoration. Then there was a netizen. He put five-handed love restoration of a normal captain and put a hand of Lin Junjie's Love Restoration. Oh, six-handed love restoration. It's like a six-piston bullet in a left-handed gun. Have you ever seen a movie called The People of the Moonland? There's a classic bridge in it. It's the Russian wheel. It's in the six bullet holes. In the bullet hole, there's only one bullet. Then you turn it around. Then you shoot it with a gun. That means that the gun that is facing the Sun-Snow-Snow bullet has a six-piston Russian wheel. This... I think it's super funny when I hear it. He said that you have to put music in the wrong place. If you're unlucky, that's not a normal captain.
(27:23~28:23) It's Lin Junjie. Then I thought, it's so funny. So I made this list. Love Restoration of a Normal Captain Five-handed Love Restoration of a Normal Captain One-handed Love Restoration of Lin Junjie. Then I'll play it right now. Let's hear it. Which one of the Russian wheels will you hit today? I'm afraid of my own personal relationship. I'm afraid of my own personal relationship. I'm afraid of my own personal relationship. So I put my back on the front. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you.
(28:23~29:23) I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you.
(29:23~30:23) I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you.
(30:23~31:23) I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. I want to go into you. Come on. It is expensive. Come on. So many people don't throw soon. All to PayPal. And it also shows that it's too small, I'm going to put it a little bigger. Because the size of it is actually just below the negative 15. Normally when we play music, I usually adjust between 12 and 10. So it's too small. I didn't expect that your ears are too big. I tell you, this is totally a micro-phone, I try. This thing, I want to ask, Sound, software, computer, software system, and 3C equipment. Is it all science?
(31:23~32:23) But I'm currently facing a environment that is completely like a house. I'm completely following my past experience and my knowledge. But there's nothing more to do but follow my knowledge. What should I do? You say I should find my own problem. How can I find it? I have, if I'm talking about live technology today, I'm already a live streamer in Taiwan, PR95, okay? Many things I'm all alone, how to say this, B-LU-LAN-LU, Pian-Sou-Zi-Zu, I'm all alone, I've fixed it. And today, suddenly, I'm all alone. How can I solve it? I can't, I'm in Japan now. I really want to know what's going on. I bought equipment, or are they all expensive equipment? I'll ask you, I'll ask you, I'll ask you, My goodness, I've never been standing up. And then, I'll ask you, your generation, this RODE-X streamer. And then, one small thing, what's the power? Super hard to use. I just got here this afternoon, and I've been on the streets for half a day. And then, I've been turning off the lights. What the hell is this? I just bought it. Damn, I threw it aside. My goodness,
(32:23~33:24) I hate you. That's all. Damn, I must be reliable. That's all. He has a lot of podcasters, and a lot of streamers. And he has a lot of ZZ9MEN, ZZB-LINGUO. And then, once his boss met me, I told him, I think I'm very familiar with you. I want to be with you, what do you think? And then, I actually, we wanted to buy a new set of devices, because Sony is also their agent. And then, we wanted to buy, and then I asked him, okay, I'll give you a green card. I think you're quite happy at that time. Thank you. Actually, we were willing to, we were going to buy it. We also spent money to buy it. We never asked for a sponsor. We all spent money to buy it ourselves. But because the other party suggested that we would like to sponsor you, we would of course take out our green card. So we threw the green card away, and then we didn't return it for a month or a month. It was so hard to ask if there was a afternoon, because we really wanted to buy it. We could also spend money to buy it. But we don't know what we were going to do. So we asked, hey, please ask what this is. And then they replied, oh, I'll give you 9.5 dollars. Damn you, teacher! I said to myself,
(33:24~34:24) I'll just give you a second chance, and tell him that we don't need it. We'll spend money to buy it ourselves. I said, damn, what's the truth? How could you give me 9.5 dollars in a day? Do you think I need 5% discount? And I was so happy. Super happy. Actually, this is about a year or two ago. I've been thinking about this for so long. Damn. I just suddenly thought about this. I have to rely on waist. And then, because today, but I'm serious, after that, did I buy anything that I didn't buy? Sony, damn, FX30, did I buy less? No, I didn't buy less. And then, I didn't buy the product of the meat? I bought it, I kept buying it. Damn, and then, so much support, the various things that are under the regime. And then, two weeks ago, I still have this, I need to, I still need to remember the card, I still went to the official shop in the town, to buy it. Damn, look, I bought a memory card, I still need to go to the town to buy it. No need. I stopped, right? But I, so I say this, I'm very content.
(34:24~35:24) Damn, you only have this thing to hurt my heart at that time. Okay, that's it. Anyway, I just said it, I don't care. And then, that's it. But I didn't, I tell you, I do care about this, but I didn't use their product because of this, I just use their product. That's it. And it's not because I didn't replace it, that's it. Okay, okay, stop talking about these. Who is sad? Just talking about it, just hurt your feelings. And then, the spirit of the public laughed at you, bought the right thing to buy it from the business. And then, I'm not kidding. I tell you, I just said, I really don't have any benefits in my life. I'm a big fan of the Hong Kong Open Song, I spend money on buying tickets, and then, I have a plan, I go there a few days ago, I ask everyone a question, I want to get a ticket, I have to get it, I have to get it, I tell you, anyone can go to the band I know, I know several bands, and then, Wanhua World afternoon nine, can you also, also,
(35:24~36:24) also, also, also, also, I know several people, I go to the doctor, or I just invite them to go, right? But what do I do? I spend money on buying tickets, I spend money on buying tickets, I spend money on buying tickets, and then I have to help them promote. I tell you, I'm not a person who likes to help others, I'm just, I'm just saying that I have to stand up, and finally, I'll give you 9-5, I really don't understand, what this operation means. I really have this, you'd better not say, you don't say, I don't have any feelings, because I bought your things, I bought it before, I bought it later, so I really don't care about this money, I just have this, at that time, I think, you really don't come to do this with me, okay, I'm going to the I.M.D. last week, I participated in the 101 High School Competition, I'm going to get ready to sleep, because my wife really slept, and the time I spent last night, was almost the same as I expected, 36 minutes, the competition, I participated in the competition, I was 14 minutes, quite happy, not to tell you, actually, I was losing weight in the beginning of last year, when I saw my appearance, and last time, I was more skinny, I was looking forward to the next opportunity, to see your performance, I was looking forward to seeing the I.M.D. you really worked hard, you're great, and then 36 minutes, this was a very good result,
(36:24~37:24) I went to challenge, I don't know if I can finish it in an hour, and then the opening, he said, thank you, I have a reply on IG, I want to say a few words, I want to say, cheer up, share the message to others, and then give it to your people, but I still have to remember to say one word, just say it with attitude, cheer up, then, this, this, and then, I really great to live in Zhou, but today, I have a good chance of losing my IQ, I know, I know, because you said that you had hope, I said it when I was live, right, but I will say it now, I will tell you, and then, it's so wasteful, I haven't seen you for a long time, how much life is worth, it must be, must be, must be, must be, I feel that life is worth to leave, I hope you have the same feeling, He Chenyu, handsome boy, Guaji Wan'an, usually listen to podcast, rarely watch live, today, I can't see, I'm really happy, sorry, I'm more comfortable today, next month, I will go to the US, I hope Guaji will do well, and then, I wish you good luck in Japan, and also good health, okay, then I will tell you here, I hope you, the US,
(37:24~38:24) the process of your trip, and then, I will go today, that airplane, and then, when I got scared, when I was in Japan, I should be in the place of the sea, the place of the sea, the place of the sea, I met a Taiwanese, he saw me, one eye, and then, he probably didn't know what to say, he just closed a station, I think that is a kind of, it's also a meaning of encouragement, he wanted to tell me, Guaji, you are really great, don't care about anything, there's nothing, I think, that station should be like this, then, I think, in life, there are many times, you need someone, a stranger, a station like this, then I will give you today, okay, come on, then, Jimmy said, Xiao Dou, wish you a good live broadcast, tomorrow, I will come again, live broadcast, okay, hope, hope, hope you don't think, today's content is too, too messy, then, Ruby said, I am a music star, recently, I recorded a famous recording, then, boss, you saw, last year, I participated in the FB post of the Chinese Communist Party, actually, it is a photo of friends, and a photo of Chinese national flag, I asked these,
(38:24~39:25) I asked these, I asked the group, I have an explanation, but it is still insistent, I feel very unreasonable, but I want to grasp this opportunity, I want to ask boss, what advice do you have? I do not know, because I think it's like this, people should be honest, I do not know your, I do not know to know your political position, or if you feel it is necessary, what it is like. But I think in this kind of scene, you are to be honest, And I sincerely want to talk to him. Don't use any tricks. I think at this time, if you are willing to listen to him, and you can accept it, you can go a long way. But if he doesn't want to listen, or he thinks he can't accept the truth, that means you can't go together. I think it's also a good way to ask for help. Of course, some people may think that there is a way to make a trick,
(39:25~40:26) and I think there is a way. But I think it's the most helpful way to go a long way. Because this thing is not right or wrong. It's just a choice. For example, if you work on a trick, you can make a better trick. If you think you have enough work, you can help you. But it's not like that. It's just a choice. You can make it in the future. Unless you think you are wrong. But do you want it? No. I think it's the best. I'm so nervous today. My wife is going to sleep. I'm not too nervous. I'm going to prepare for this. The teacher said, chocolate bun, strawberry bun. I will. Thank you. I want to tell him that I think life is about getting some small emotions. I'm going to prepare for the river lake today.
(40:26~41:27) I hope to see a beautiful view. And get some happy memories. Sometimes we really just whether it's on purpose or on purpose, you might have done it because of you. And when you see the scenery, you will have a happy memory. You might have heard the sound of the waves, but you will never forget it. We are pursuing a experience like this. I will do this tomorrow. I will play the last song for you. Music
(41:27~42:32) Music I don't know what's wrong with me. I should say it's all because I'm not right. You don't know what's wrong with me. I'm just a little bit nervous. I'm just a little bit nervous. I'm not sure what's wrong with me. I'm just a little bit nervous. I'm just a little bit nervous. I can't do that. I'm just a little bit nervous.
(42:32~43:36) I'm just a little bit nervous.
(43:36~44:38) I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father I'm a father, I'm a father The grass is all around Sorry for the late night performance.
(44:38~45:14) See you later. I like this song. I will say goodbye to Aki and Ashon. I will say goodbye to the late night performance. I will say goodbye to Aki and Ashon. I will say goodbye to the late night performance. I will say goodbye to Ashon. Don't look for your own problems. Sometimes it's not your own problem. It's your own problem.
