(00:00~01:02) I Was
(01:02~02:05) I Know Saudi I'm leaving like it's far on the wing. Oh, it's just like decisions just to please you I'm over the pressure feeling under the weather, but I won't take and guess it when I live You I don't study the reasons that I swear that you Let's see other people we don't need to see because I got out some time They will take my love bodies all around you just one girl Stop the worst and loud that it's giving in our back I've been on a mission to give it and get back you've been always missing and grinning about my past So I had to get gone Get you so far in the view I see a crystal clear But it's only cuz you isn't here. You isn't here. That's a baby. I'm done. I'm so sick and tired of the way You just run say it takes two when you build out just I feel alone in the soul Baby I
(02:05~03:06) Wanting so team God Go to see how全新的 Dan Yuan yeah, I'm a pocket the全新的單元 God go to see how每個禮拜一暫定 Dating每個禮拜一 每個禮拜一都會在 543 youtube直播 Ge kid sorted baring down shunt I'm not up against it by 2 Mtto B pré EyjAC I Hello! Let's share this with everyone. Let me tell you what we are going to do. Let's make up for this. 10 weeks ahead.
(03:06~04:07) Everyone wants to practice Kakao. So, next 10 weeks, I will give you full Kakao. And the most honest Kakao. The most honest and true FUN me. I will try not to do the effect. What do you think? I will do the most honest Kakao. The honest Kakao. The honest Kakao. Let's talk about it. Yes, today, many people asked me if I have no other person. Today is the first episode. So, I will help you to adjust. What do you want to do? I just raised my voice. I will try again. Raise your voice! I will make you louder. I will make you louder. No, no, no. No effect. No guests. No guests. Wanxun, do you think you are not good enough? You are not good enough? I am not good enough.
(04:07~05:07) I am not good enough. I am not good enough. I will make you better. I will make you better. Why is the light a little dark? You are not good enough. I will make you better. Let me introduce you to the guest. Kakao. I have a plan. I will do it in an hour. I will do it in an hour. In an hour. In an hour. I will talk to you about what happened this week. I will do it in an hour. I will do it in an hour. I will do it in an hour. No, because I usually talk about what I do in the cooking. How do I talk about the cooking. Do you know Kakao very little? Although Kakao really doesn't know what to do. I will do it in an hour. I will talk to you about
(05:07~06:07) what happened this week. Do you know what happened? I will talk about what happened this week. Do you know what happened this week? Or what happened this week? Or what news you have? Maybe there will be some commercial sales. Today there should be some commercial sales. Let's go to the business. How many weeks have we been doing business? 5 weeks. 4 weeks. Today is the first week. Let's start the group. Let's start the group. Let's start the group. We have 10 weeks to do live broadcast. You can watch the live broadcast. We will do the podcast on the next day. We will do the podcast on the next day. We will do the podcast on the next day. Bye bye. 5 weeks of free time. Bye bye. We will reply to Apple Podcast 5 star comments.
(06:07~07:07) I haven't reply to these comments for a long time. I will reply to them every week. I will reply to them every week. I don't want to read any comments. Please leave a comment. 5 star comments. I will reply to them every week. Some Q&A on the line. Leave some time. 15 to 20 minutes. Leave a message. I will do the podcast on the next day. OK. Live broadcast. Your comments are going to be very fast. Live broadcast. I don't know what to say. I am talking about myself. Right? I really admire 2 people. No matter how political they are. I don't care what their color is. I admire the director and the director. I don't know how to say
(07:07~08:07) what to say. What to say. He is very good. Director you are very good. You are good. You are so good. You have to call Gag. 9 or 6 people. You are very good. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. You can't hear Gag. Gag is the most annoying person to call. I admire these 2 people. Director, everyone is good at live broadcast. You can speak freely. Even Gag is very good. You can't hear me. I don't know. Gag is not good at talking freely. You have seen in the past 10 years Gag is not good at live broadcast. Almost no. Almost no. I admire him. He is very good.
(08:07~09:07) You are good at live broadcast. What is the political history of Gag? Ok. Let's start the show. Let's talk about what happened recently. Gag came back from Japan. He got off at the airport at 9.30. He got off at the airport at 12.30. He got off at the airport at 12.30. He got off at the airport at 5.30. He got off at 5.30. Wait a minute. Gag, what are you going to do? Wash clothes. Have you seen his clothes? Not yet. Gag. Your mom is washing. Gag is good. Go home. Go to the airport. Wash your hands. Prepare a book. What are you going to talk about at 8 o'clock? I don't know what to talk about. Take a break. Hurry up. Gag is here to break the book.
(09:07~10:07) That's right. I have a book about breaking the book. I haven't written a book for more than 10 years. I haven't written a book for more than 10 years. I don't know what to write. Let's talk about it. I have prepared something to talk about. Come on. Let's talk about it. This one. I haven't told you about it. Come on. I just talked to you. Gag is not always right. And he doesn't answer the phone. He doesn't answer the phone. If you don't know the phone, you usually won't answer the phone. I know. You have a phone call. I don't know. We don't know if you know the phone or not. Or I will not answer the phone. Even if you know the phone, you won't answer the phone. Unless you have made the third call. Unless you make the third call. It means that you are really worried about this. That's why I will answer the phone. If you are alone,
(10:07~11:09) you usually won't answer the phone. You have a job and you will leave the message. I remember that day two weeks ago, Gag received a phone call. I kept playing for two days, and one day I played for two hours. This is either a fraud or a call. After playing for two days, I suddenly received a line. I received a line. I had added a person's line a long time ago. He sent me a message. He said, He is a fraud. He is a fraud. He didn't send a line. He sent me a message. He said, I called many times but you didn't answer. This person called for two days. I called for four times. I called many times but you didn't answer.
(11:09~12:09) I called for four times. I called for four times. Please answer my question. Why? I was looking at the message. The message was from 2016. I was a fraud. Please answer my question. 2016, I was looking at the message. I heard a few people showing up. I was looking at the message. The most worthy thing to say is there is one thing. I was talking about the third one. I was lying on the same bed with Bai Bing Bing. Do you remember? It was 2016. Bai Bing Bing. He sent me a message.
(12:09~13:09) I was talking about the wrong message. I was like, Why is he calling me? I was talking about the wrong message. I was talking about the wrong message. I was like, What is the problem? You know what? I was lying. He was lying. There was a message from him. He lost me. The message was from Bai Bing Bing. He contacted me in 2016. He was on a movie. What was the name of the movie? It was a movie about a war. It was a movie about a war. He was playing a movie about a war. Then he contacted me. And then I contacted him and said, I know. Because this is the real thing. And then one day, Bing Bing started to shoot YouTube. Right? His YouTube channel also brought
(13:09~14:09) Who to compare with? I remember there was a news The first time I saw it, I was comparing. The news also uploaded. Like this, our big cow There are many, many YouTube videos Then Bing Bing Also come to participate But the previous few videos The point is not ideal And the effect of the shooting Not too good So I compare I saw the news and said Bing Bing called me I want to say, are you That should be He wants me to go to the classroom Or to feed I'll go to introduce I'll introduce I'll promote his channel I was thinking like this But as a brother Life is a war We kill small and fight Life is a war Drink water And then
(14:09~15:09) I want to say Should be Brother Iron brother is impossible to directly answer So I thought that the food is His quiet phone That restaurant You quickly contact Bing Bing And see what he is going to shoot Then how Then contact him Contact Not See their phone Not a hip YouTube video The agent said This can be said I'm a little bit small anyway He won't watch this channel He said Bing Bing There is a show on his hand Then After the agent contacted Bing Bing That's the show You can't do this Super Bing Bing show Hey The show He said that show
(15:09~16:09) Want to change a new host Now is Bai Bing Bing It must be the host The next Two sides The second line host The second-class Brother Iron brother There are some of his comrades Today Ah I want to invite Brother A to be his left hand Brother Iron brother Then Brother A and Bing Bing The party host To host the super Bing Bing show The super Bing Bing show Did you give him applause Did you give him applause Ah Ah The boss asked if there was no There are many other people next to him There are many male and female The assistant host It's okay As long as Brother A is willing to come
(16:09~17:09) The assistant host next to him Will retreat Just leave Brother A and Then together The party host and this Bing Bing The host together Wow, such a great glory This is not a fraud This is not a fraud And And And the middle man He knows that his boss Can't pick up How could he pick up Someone said Must be pushed away Of course I know that I can't pick up No No, brother Iron brother is Assistant host And this His manager Bing Bing's meaning Because it's a famous show So looking for A good Taiwanese Taiwanese is better
(17:09~18:09) Because the famous is Akoama Look at the Akoama And then he is the traditional The singing show So you have to sing Sometimes you have to sing with the guests Sometimes you have to sing Bing Bing's song is very good So you have to Sing And then At least the fame Young people may know The fame At least the fame And then Maybe you have to be a little bit more The power of the host It's a little bit funny Then count it Is it brother Applause Applause Yes Yes There are these conditions And the sound The sound The fame
(18:09~19:09) The fame And then you can be the Brother Is it only brother Not bad Is it suitable Is it suitable Look at the message Is it okay Someone said Huang Haoping Huang Haoping is not so good at Taiwanese He is definitely okay The段子 is definitely okay No way No brother Not good Yes That show That show is hard to find any It's hard to find a YouTuber to eat young guests He is because he wants to Eat the children of young people But he didn't expect Maybe brother's children are not young He may have to eat The 30-40-year-old This group But after receiving this invitation Just go and see their show The show is
(19:09~20:09) The very traditional The old Chinese TV show Is suitable for Akoama Akoama is very happy A couple A couple A couple A couple A couple A couple A couple A couple The feeling Akoama A couple A couple There will be some There will be some details Some details The first time The first time We go back Akoama A great opportunity He will keep talking This is a great jump So Akoama If there is a chance To enter the world
(20:09~21:09) If the city is good Akoama will enter the world A very great jump Very good Applause Applause Akoama will be very happy Because Akoama is not watching Akoama will watch the famous TV show And the three Taiwan Taiwan TV shows Akoama Akoama Why didn't you find Hao Chatting with people Why didn't you find Hao Then you don't understand Who is Hao Akoama Hao is a person who plays Why did Bingbing get to the famous TV show Everyone read the news Not just because Akoama was taken away So Bingbing came So how could Bingbing Go find Hao Or Akoama Right Yes
(21:09~22:09) A great opportunity Then the manager said It's okay Akoama is very busy So about two weeks One day, you can enter the level 23 You can enter the level 23 The host fee If you want to say something, you can be happy He said the host fee You just open Just open a happy price You open a Just open a happy price Applause Happy price Wow Wow Wait for your reply Then the manager told me Happy price I said, let's check I can't open it I have to check How many host fees Their business fees Not enough How much do you think Happy price
(22:09~23:09) 30,000 Not enough One day, you can enter the level 2-3 So you You can enter the level 3 How much do you think Akoama can accept How much Akoama, what do you think You How much do you think Akoama can rent Akoama Akoama is next to me He said he can't rent I said, 1-2 million 1-2 million Akoama has more than 1-2 million Many people said 200,000, 300,000 Share 500,000 500,000 He used to be a host in China It seems to be 100 or 100 200,000 100,000 So you see Even if it's a king
(23:09~24:09) He may enter the level 3 500,000 Then 150,000 But Akoama In the TV industry The new character I can't open 500,000 So I should open If It should be reasonable Like everyone said 200,000 100,000 I think this is more reasonable You are a man If you come to the next house 10 or 15 You are a man Normal About 15 Open a little Open 20 About 10, 15, 20 Almost Almost So I don't need 200,000 So I quit
(24:09~25:09) Impossible Impossible 200,000 is impossible Now in the TV industry It's impossible I have a lot of people No way What do you think of the Yang Fan Akoama 500,000 300,000 The three people's monthly salary Aroo 300,000 Now Now in the TV industry There is no such production fee So it becomes I'm not high or high I said I'm not going Right I have to deduct I have to deduct I have to deduct 5% I don't go So you don't go Because he spent too much time In the TV industry I have to deduct too much After all, we don't have experience Right
(25:09~26:09) Oh There's a little bit of a gun up there Just said a little gun Right No Big brother How can we do our own Right We are not lazy How can we do our own So funny Right So funny Right So funny That's all We can't show We can't show So we just pushed But it's really because There's no time One week Two weeks must be deducted To be deducted But you can't deduct You must be ready Who is the guest What song What works What happened
(26:09~27:09) You have to do homework At least spend a whole day So it's impossible No, no, no, no There's a friend How many people are envious You have to be involved in those People who are not capable Disgusting Hey This Hey What What Who told you he's not a painter Why are you a painter Right Hey Is this going to be a news Don't do it I want to say I want to say it's very long And then put it on the 53 channel And then go to the park case It should be okay, he probably won't hear He probably won't hear But that show is still okay That show is It's a very popular show
(27:09~28:09) I told my mom that I want to watch Right That's probably the story There's no good rumors rumors I saw that the two on the top Are very sensitive Not recently, these two years The two on the top are very sensitive The top of the cafe The definition of the top Is there such a Is the standard so low What is the definition of the top The top of the cafe Oh, the top again Who is the top again I don't know I don't know I think the definition of the top Should be a matter of family and friends Right At least the TV news To be broadcast After the Internet is on The TV news is still going to be on That's called the top Then maybe no matter what age No matter what life circle No matter which同文城
(28:09~29:09) All know things are called the top Or that incident has burned abroad The top of the international Top The word top is from Japan Or Burn to Japan That's called the top Don't just use the word top Top The level is very high The top No words As a result, the top only cut the front and back My mother likes to watch That's a good show Cut all the middle YouTube live More dangerous YouTube live is more dangerous There are waiting for the top YouTube live You really want to follow the live Because the YouTube live We can cut the back stage We can cut the fear Or fear the fact that we can cut the back Can be cut
(29:09~30:09) So you have to follow the live 8.5 I'm talking about one I'm talking about one I can speak in a natural way I'm talking about one thing So we have to talk about The truth is The truth is The truth is The truth is Because we are really Can't get over the first channel And this little friend And this wife Also have some Time to rest The same thing This year The special repair of 300 days in 2025 Now probably only repair for 8 days Can't repair Can't repair So no time And the first I have to say This skill
(30:09~31:09) No time If you play the other people's I don't have time How to make you so big How to make you so big How to make you so big How to make you so big How to make you so big How to make you so big So the first time The second time is We are not good at We are not good at Have not been on the right The training in the TV circle We have to stand next to Big brother and big sister As assistant host We may not have enough power We are afraid of And then again We are afraid of The bad performance The loss of this program So Don't go Let's train this If you have a chance In the next episode This is very nice
(31:09~32:09) This is very nice Other than time We are not good at this In the future In the future we will be able to If you have a chance If you want to try If you eat Then you can In the next episode This is OK Let's see what the agent will say Let's see Not a gun Not a gun This person Is a reason You have to be a good person A whole set of instructions You can't say You have to work And then you can go home You can't do this You have to wait for 3 or 4 days Don't work too long It seems to have been thought of Not like Live is very dangerous It's really been thought of for 3 or 4 days Then go home
(32:09~33:09) Go home Yes, you are right You have guessed The agent said OK It's over So there is a backup A backup The public is not Not you Actually there is a backup For sure Yes, for sure For sure Or say OK Show me we OK, show me we Even Is it a sticker? I saw it, you drew a long circle And then he said OK Even a sticker Not O, people don't have O OK OK, OK, OK So it's a backup This is right The adult doing things It's impossible to wait for you There are definitely several There are several choices
(33:09~34:09) Of course, I will invite you I will say you are very good You are not welcome That's about it So Maybe next month Or next next month We will see Who will be the new host I am looking forward to The next month I will see Huang Haoping In the public OK OK It's a pity Very pity We can almost enter the public Almost enter the public And the public The public I remember I remember I was in the Spring Festival I remember The car The public The public The public I remember
(34:09~35:09) I saw brother The public I remember I remember I remember That episode I went to the public There is a Taiwan演藝 I have been to Taiwan I went there twice The public is big enough The public is big enough I remember The public The public The public He bought the public The public The public It's in the public So it's close to their home The public I... When I talk about the public I have 10 The most valuable I have talked a lot The public I just leave
(35:09~36:09) The public I am scared I am scared It kind of VIT This is good It's very paltalking It's!* It's so הש Sergey I have been to Taiwan I took my part At the beginning The story was a公a Taiwan Taiwan is she I'm so excited ah Recently, the host Recently, the host has retired What's that? The East The host Hong Peixiang Hong Peixiang Recently You've all been on it It sounds like Laura No, it's not Laura Laura's The level of the bag is not so high
(36:09~37:20) Yeah Bingbing's love is buying a bag and buying a bag You're so bold That's called rich people Oh Someone said Bingbing only went to the New York to drink a lot Drink a lot Bingbing From when we were young to now you see it's been in the entertainment industry for decades The main thing is that it's not a mess There's a lot of ah, Qixi Lu Qixi Lu Taiwan Qixi Lu Brother, are you guilty? Don't be guilty You can also go to Qixi Lu Qixi Lu is This story is a起paste to your life Bad There is a起paste Good His mother has a起paste I'm good There is a起paste to you OK Ha ha ha Oh Oh
(37:20~38:20) Hey I forgot What are you doing? Right I don't know why I don't want to talk about the package, I want to talk about the wedding anniversary. Ok, let's stop talking about this. I don't want to talk about the whole series. I was thinking that I have my own ranking here. I will talk about 15 points in the lock-in. I will talk about 10 points in the 14th part. If I have a night-time, I can talk about 5 points. Apple package 10 points. QA 15 points. I have 40 points in the lock-in. What are you doing? 4,000 people in the lock-in.
(38:20~39:21) Ok, let's talk about this. I will talk about this slowly. 14 points, right? I want to talk about this. I want to talk about the news yesterday. I saw a post on the group of Kami. I saw a post on the group of Kami. The group of 5000 people. I don't know if there are people in the group. I will be live today, or I can't play a few games. I saw a post on the group of Kami. I will post the news. Oh, it's a famous news.
(39:21~40:26) Because Kami has a habit of searching for food and coffee in Google every day. Time will be 24 hours. I will see 24 hours every day. Where is the news of the food? Or news. I will do this every day. Even this is a super-connected. I will click. I will click every day. Click in the morning. Click in the evening. Click. I have seen if there are people who eat coffee. I only found this news when I clicked 24 hours. Is it because I don't go to the show? I don't think so. It's a news article. Many people don't know. The news article is about Xi. Xi used to insist on MIT's government's change of Chinese goods.
(40:26~41:26) He was in the research center and was suddenly exposed. He was called Chai Ka Chan Tang Chiang. You read it. It's so strange. Chinese characters are so funny. I read it. You are watching. The director changed his mouth. Chinese goods are so expensive. He was in the research center and was suddenly exposed. He was called Chai Ka Chan Tang Chiang. He was scolding me. I went back to watch his live broadcast. I watched the news. I saw that no one was against me. I was so angry. I didn't see the news. The news article was on the internet. They didn't want to fight me. They were talking about the news. Some Chinese goods were sold.
(41:26~42:26) Some people were scolding him. He was on the news. He was scolding him. He was so angry. Some people were like, You didn't watch the news. You were the director. The director was angry. He was angry. He was so angry. He was so angry. This is a bad news. He was so angry. He said that he used to be the head of the company. I was on the radio and I talked to him and asked him to do a live broadcast. This is true. There is nothing. This is true. Just a few years ago, I went to shoot a video with Tao Gui. Then I went to his live broadcast. After that live broadcast, I just started to do a live broadcast with him. Then I started to do a live broadcast with him. So I asked him to do a few live broadcasts, including the market.
(42:26~43:27) Then the electronic business platform, the financial and logistics, I did ask him to do a live broadcast. This is not wrong. So the official said it was not wrong. Then the official mentioned it. Then he started to fight against me. He started to talk about it. In fact, the product is not that the Chinese market is not good. He also did a lot of Taiwanese things. It's really hard to insist on making all the products of Taiwan. So he started to talk about it in Chinese. Then there is nothing wrong with me. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. Someone posted a news. He said, Don't laugh at me. Shut up. After I made the shop, there was no difference. At that time, we didn't interact or exchange experience. Then he asked me to shut up. How many things did he do? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Probably like this. So there is nothing wrong with me. The point is that
(43:27~44:28) he is a baby. He is a baby. He is a baby. He is a baby. He is a person with a good sense of responsibility. He is a baby. He is a baby. I am not the point. Then of course, I think the energy is different. Because we are all insisting on using Taiwanese. From the beginning to the end. Because actually, many of us are interacting with each other. We know that although you are a Taiwanese, you know how many percent you don't need to use. 30% or 20% of things are in the Taiwanese company. You can call it Taiwanese if you have a Taiwanese personality or a Taiwanese factory. So the manager said that there is nothing wrong with it. Many of you think that it is just a thing of MIC. Why can you do MIT? But in the legal sense,
(44:28~45:29) it can indeed do MIT. It is indeed true. But we still insist on we can try to start from the original from the original of Taiwan. Then from this like our clothes. Not reliable. Can't say cotton. We can't say cotton in Taiwan. Not the cotton from overseas. Then we are in the Taiwan branch. In Taiwan, we are in the dye department. In Taiwan, we are in the printing department. Then in Taiwan, we are in the sewing department. In Taiwan, we are in the packaging department. At least 90% of the production is Taiwanese. So it won't make people laugh. That's it. That's it. Chen said that it's not a small thing. It will look like a thing tomorrow. So now, we have to listen to it. That's it. That's it. That's it. So it's not a big deal. This is not a big deal. I think this is a must.
(45:29~46:31) Make us fight. So it's not a big deal. This is not a big deal. So ha ha be insist. Continue to insist. Of course, of course, we can't know how long we can sit in Taiwan. Because like us, there is a product. It's shoes. Then we finally found a factory in Tainan. It's really shoes are made from Tainan. Many teachers from Tainan. From the leather. The leather is beautiful. Then slowly sew. Slowly sew. A step. All made from the factory in Tainan. When he went to see it, those brothers told him. He's a regular. He's not a customer. He's a customer. He's not a customer. He's a tailor. He's a 6-70-year-old Afei. He's not a customer. So we need to find a place in Taiwan. A pair of hand-made shoes made from Taiwan.
(46:31~47:31) Maybe we will be eliminated. There's really no way. So we can insist. There's not much. There's not much. I really don't know. Look at Afei. He's a little tall. He's not tall. The textile industry is also very good. It's really good. If the manager has such a big capacity. Maybe we can make millions or thousands of it. Taiwan will definitely be able to eat the capacity. We will be more efficient. More efficient. Oh, the live broadcast. Cai is also on the live broadcast. Why is Cai on the live broadcast? Isn't Cai on the live broadcast on Saturday? IG is on the live broadcast. I don't want to go to the live broadcast. I want to see what's going on. The laugh. Cai's brother. Cai's brother. Cai's brother. It's been an hour. Almost.
(47:31~48:32) It should be okay. Oh, is the dry land going up? No, it's not. Really. The cost of making in Taiwan is too high. We are really very efficient. And we can't make more money. Of course we can sell more. We are very happy. I don't know how much money I can make. I don't know how much money I can make. We are very good. I don't know how much money I can make. But we still know that we can't make more money. 500 to 600, 700. After selling it, we slowly pursue it. We have a lot of aunties and uncles. Slowly do it. Of course, I want to say how long I can take care of how many Taiwanese factories can last. We have tried our best. Hey. Hey, hey, hey. We are going to enter this a short time of dry land. Okay? A short time of dry land. After that, the bridge is like this. After the talk, I have to calm down a little bit.
(48:32~49:33) There is no time to be nervous. Let's see if there is no time to be nervous. If we have 5, we only have 9 episodes later. There are already 5 U-shaped factories. It's already canceled. Check in. Ha, ha, you want to watch? Miss Li Pei Jie, you have to come to my channel. You know how to make money. Otherwise, I will eat. Okay? Look at that 1-level host fee. I won't go for 300,000. You know how much I can make. Ha. Ha. Same for real, right? Ha. Ha. Seriously, why? Do you know how much I can make? Ha, ha, ha. If you just want to support Gaka, spend it like Hivei. Ha, ha. Ha. Too many money a week. And. Senior buses. Gaka will have a happy life. You know. He can earn a lot.
(49:33~50:35) He's getting busier and busier. Busy with meetings, busy with marketing, busy with the workshops, busy with the board of directors. He has a lot of time to go to the independent market. So everyone is buying more and more. Ha baby! He's getting busier and busier. He's busy, earning a lot of money, and is happy. He's earning a lot of money, and he has no time to spend. What to do? He's helping him to spend, helping him to go to the independent market. He's happy, I'm happy too. Everyone is happy. This is great. It's a kind of cycle. Very great. Okay, finally, we're going to... Time is almost up. Time is almost up. Huh? It's too short. Did the parker just cut it off? It's too short, right? Will this thing cut it off? So it's short. Isn't it an hour? No, I mean, time is almost up. So we have to enter our QA time. Come on, in order to greet everyone,
(50:35~51:36) go to Apple Park to get 5 star good reviews. So I still have to go back every week to get 5 star good reviews. Do you have any friends up there who don't have any? Why do you want to get 5 star good reviews? Because the climbing board is going forward. Apple Park's climbing board will be in front of you. There's an important thing, except for the收聽 number, if you get 5 star good reviews, it will also go forward. Go forward, and the climbing board will see you. And then you'll come to the night market. So you have to meet up with the people. Come and get your reviews. The climbing board will come to the night market. The brother will be happy. The studio will be happy. So he'll always want to record. Otherwise, he won't be angry. He won't be angry. He won't be angry. He won't be angry. He won't be angry. He won't be angry. This is the climbing board. If you want to hear,
(51:36~52:36) just leave a comment. If you see, give us a next time. If you are happier, please listen to the happy climbing board. Someone asked, do you have any high-end reviews? No. There are reviews on the bar. This is so young. I don't know. Look. It's so cool. I don't know the account number. This is a 40-year-old man. He's definitely using KKBucks. He's definitely using KKBucks. I have to say, because the number of years of the climbing board is quite large. So they will be very important. The important is Apple Parkes. Let's see the reviews. Let's see the recent... The recent recent... Because we went to the Taco last week. The thing about the insurance business. So... Many five-star hotpicks are talking about... about the insurance business.
(52:36~53:37) Yes. Will this review be recorded later? Will this review be recorded later? Someone jumped out and sent it to me. I don't know what to do. What are you doing? From the beginning, we didn't talk about the last week. We didn't know who the real name is. Why did someone jump out? What did you jump out? What did you jump out? Let me see. Someone said, Thank you for the blood type of Taco. This is a very high amount of gold. Someone said, Taco is too kind. You should pay for it. If you don't, you should find a lawyer to fight with. And make his... case into a legal propaganda. And the company's new training. You can use the annual training. Let other social and social colleagues not repeat the same thing. We... Not bad. It's not bad to think about it. Not bad. Because,
(53:37~54:38) Taco has signed the contract. So, it's not a good deal. If you sign the contract, you should pay for it. So, later, we told him, you should sign the salary. This... 100% is a fine. And the contract is signed. That's not a good deal. The point is, does he ask for compensation? He said, 300,000 in the beginning. Then, it's 120,000. Let's ask the lawyer. The lawyer thinks it's about 50,000. It's almost the same. Because he's not so heavy. But if he asks for so much compensation, he might... ask for more proofs. If you... want to work, you can't work. You should pay for it. Then, you... You should work. How much money you've paid for the average? You should pay for it. So, I don't think it's a good deal. I just want to give you a chance to learn.
(54:38~55:39) You will get this car accident. Because, you may have a few accidents in your life. How can you do it when you have an accident? First, contact the insurance company. Tell them. Then, can you do some... some compensation? Then, you may go to the court to make some adjustments. Then, I think... I think you have more experience. The main thing is not to fight the insurance company. You have to take out the insurance. Actually, you don't. So, do you have any... any... any... any action you can do? You don't. If you don't, don't jump out. Don't jump out. So, this week's Wuxing Goods are all about... We are helping Taco. Come on! Taco, show show. Give Taco a high five. Then, many people will say, I have to announce the position of the girl. That's unnecessary.
(55:39~56:40) That's not important. Then, a little bit ahead. A little bit ahead. This is a story about a little girl, right? Little girl. Many people are asking why did Taco's boyfriend go to the court to make money? Taco is more independent. He's like, I'm sorry. I can handle it myself. Don't bother me. Okay. Then, before that, I think... If there's no Wuxing Goods, I won't leave it. Three stars, one star. So, if you want to scold me, you should still have Wuxing. Taco will read it out. Because if there's Wuxing, we'll be filming. So, let's move on. So, you still have to leave Wuxing. If you want to scold me, Wuxing will scold Taco. That's why I'll still read it out. Do you have any... In the future, I'll share with you that you can leave some questions in Apple Park.
(56:40~57:41) Taco can also answer your questions on every week's live broadcast. Yes, Taco's family is very interested. Okay, Wuxing Goods, there's nothing more to say. Because it's the first week. So, in this week, you can start to leave Apple Park. If you haven't followed up on the live broadcast, you can go to Apple Park to leave questions. Taco will reply to you. This is learning Boen. Boen, Boen is not a beauty. He'll answer some questions. Then, the next time, leave it to our online friends. Q&A, okay? A lot of people say that people want to hear thatван shoulders talking. Tekovsla has 20,000 U cooler about the cuma oil during a veya shooting. People don't do that when they're buying Cun's oil.
(57:41~58:42) So if the price difference is quite larger than in China, It's very expensive. It's not good. There's a lady who said, I was hit by a car before. I couldn't go to work a week later. I was only paid 8,000 dollars. So you only paid 10,000 dollars a day. If there's a chance, I'll ask the other guy to share it. So I said, I was told that in that episode. Of course, I said, If I hit a lawyer, it's very scary. If you hit a YouTuber, it's more scary. There's a comment. I'll read it and share it with you. The first one, The first one, The first one, The first one,
(58:42~59:43) The second one, After listening to it, I understand the law of Taiwan. The third one, I saw the expression of the Tsai Aga. I'm talking about this. The fourth one, The most important thing is, Tsai Aga signed with Ling Roura. If you can tell the truth, you must do it. Because your umbrella gives Ling Roura so many opportunities. If you don't want to do it again, please give it a try. Why do you want to keep this kind of people in the sea? Let's give it a round of applause. It looks like Malaysia. You use the Chinese word for the word. It shouldn't be China. It should be a friend of the big horse. Let's give you another round of applause. Really. No, it's okay. We have a strong invitation to participate in our concert.
(59:43~60:44) Not the concert, but the whole concert. The whole concert. Today's YouTube video, The main channel of today's YouTube video is the Kun Li of A Zi. After that, A Guang has a thunder. On December 20th, there was a thunder. Have you ever heard of your daughter's consent? Why can you thunder? I've seen the video. I'm sure you're sure. So on December 20th, there will be a second baby run. December 20th. That day, it might be the wedding of the president of Aka Le. It's possible. It's possible. It might be the whole concert of Aka Le. We will hold a special invitation. We have a special invitation. The president will also say to the other party, my wedding, you must come.
(60:44~61:44) Otherwise, if there is no groom, I will be embarrassed. What is he dancing? The three points of the four-leaf clover. Who will get the three points? Who will get the three points? What is the three points of the four-leaf clover? The three points of the four-leaf clover. No. Congratulations, president. Aka Le is getting married. She is getting married that day. Since December 20th she will hold a wedding. Everyone is so excited. She will have a big event. She will have a big event. Otherwise, you will be married at the end of the year. Aka Le is taking the opportunity to be her own daughter. Today, you must come to my wedding. Otherwise, I will be embarrassed. The three points of the four-leaf clover. I heard it. No, it's not the question of the two-leaf clover. It's the question of the wedding. They are on the plane now.
(61:44~62:44) Can't you hear it? He probably didn't hear it. I keep saying I keep saying the wedding light shouldn't be so high. I mean the conditions of the boy. I said high. I'm saying high. You don't want to keep saying 180. You don't want to keep saying high. You can keep it low. Even though the height of the boy is not 180. You are good. You are good. The light is low. I'm saying high. I'm not talking about the conditions. It's okay. So December 20th is possible. I'm looking forward to it. I'm going to hold the wedding next to the baby. I'm going to hold the wedding. We will make a reservation. If you have a chance, please come to the wedding with Laura. I'm so excited.
(62:44~63:44) Because we really asked the lawyer whether we should come to the wedding. The lawyer said maybe there is a hospital. The lawyer said I don't know if it's true. I'm afraid we will be scolded. We are just afraid of the situation. We are afraid of the situation. We will continue to talk. Maybe there is a hospital. But the lawyer suggested that if we receive the ticket he said he would come. We received the ticket. It's a big show. We have a meeting. We will be there to pick up the money. The president came to say we should pay the bill. Right? Maybe we will be closed. We will see
(63:44~64:44) if there is a ticket. We will see how the bill will be paid. We will pay the bill. We will see how the bill will be paid. The people will not come. It's possible. So we thought we should do this. Kim said the lawyer refused you. He refused. Applause. So the next meeting said sorry. We don't have time. We don't have time. The next meeting he hasn't prepared himself. He said he would be happy if the audience would see him. We will continue to do our best. If there is a chance we will let the boss and the boss have a good time. This is ABC.
(64:44~65:44) ABC. No. If there is a chance we will invite the boss to come. That day we will have a ticket. The public will be allowed to come. That's good. Good. October 20th we will talk with the lawyer. October 20th so if the lawyer contacted the lawyer it's not certain. Because we we have to talk about it in the next episode. We will talk about it. Because from last year last year we
(65:44~66:44) discussed the second episode we said from the first episode to the second episode he didn't provide a new payment plan. It's not even the second episode. It's even now. April April right? April 12th April 21th April 21th April 21th they didn't provide a new payment plan. Let's give them a big applause. What are you busy with? What are you busy with? But he can't be the assistant director of Bingbing. He is too busy. Then the lawyer asked the lawyer to provide a new payment plan. He didn't give you the lawyer's fee. You didn't lie to him
(66:44~67:44) that he didn't even get a salary. He was a good person. He couldn't find a job. So I thought I should extend the time. Now April this is your 8 month time. April 1 I will ask you to submit the 12 month notice. You can leave it to me. You will be 18 months later. Right? If you have a chance, October 20 he already announced where he will be on December 20. They haven't said in Taiwan yet, right? Did I say it? I'm counting on 4,000 people. You all have to come. If you don't come, we will be embarrassed. We are going to be embarrassed. What? I don't understand this. Don't understand.
(67:44~70:34) It's a bit funny. Ok, ok, we have left 10 minutes. 10 minutes for Q&A time. The first day is a big one. See? Ok, now the last 10 minutes I will play a song. I will play a song every episode. I will play the second song when the show is over. Let you have time to leave a message. We will leave 10 to 15 minutes. Let you have time to Q&A. Come on. You can start to leave a message now. I will collect it. Thank you.
(70:34~71:34) Always try to get out leaving the carcass took too much we had to leave the careless we're sure careless now Always underrated places we are in dancing always I should take it leave back in late always underrated places we are in dancing always I should take it leave back shadows gone with summer skies hold me in the new city to get lost
(71:34~72:34) always wanted to see lost I will answer some questions. Someone said the chair was not comfortable. What do you think? It's a good idea to make a movie. It's a good idea. The chair you can't be a business owner you can't give the chair to Gago you can't give the chair to Gago Gago just received a hot Tentacle bought another chair It Bear the famous one he saw it and Gago said you collect it? Gago said you collect it? This is the announcement that day
(72:34~73:34) we are going to climb the mountain together? How much is this? Google here is the nameplate it's a little ugly a cute bear looks cute but it lives inside a very horrible bear what is this? Lin Luo La the poison of the cure of the cure is like this this is how it is it's not a letter 86000 how much is this? 6000 he said collect 6000 collect this is the big deal with Li Bei Zhi Da it's a good deal
(73:34~74:34) it's a good deal it's almost the original price stop let's answer some comments many people are asking do you save it? I look like a little boy do you save it? do you save it? I don't know I don't know because Li Zi Da is not the original price so it's been a long time it's been a long time you save it and you don't have to do it together I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know if we don't do it together we will do it together for example Ye Ren that's the break up there must be some evidence
(74:34~75:34) you can see do you want to ask? how old are you? but the relationship is the two of them they said we should break up or we will do it together if we do it together then we will break up or we will do it together we don't need to cut the break up we can break up or we can make friends if we can make friends maybe in the next 10 years we can do it together we can eat grass we can call the south from Beban and then we can eat grass that's how it is ok we will know in the next week it's boring it's a little bit boring we will know in the next week someone is asking
(75:34~76:34) do you have a video of Hao Li Jia in the video most of the videos are about the kids or the friends who are going to experience the class or the students will the kids go? do you have a chance? if you have a chance if you have a chance because I think this series can make you see if you go this video will be my shape because maybe I am the one I am doing the effect and I may have less I want to show you some important things you will notice what brother is doing and what he is doing and what he is laughing at or what he is doing or what he is doing
(76:34~77:34) so he is thinking about developing the series I think that will be more real and he is actually going to brother no, it's tiring tiring tiring there is a chance to go and then someone is asking I saw a comment asking if brother has recommended the daily songs I remember that brother KKBOX almost daily songs and I have recommended some of the most common songs brother's favorite songs Big Number the number in the back Big Number Big Number
(77:34~78:34) when I wrote the 7th half I was a demo reference to them I wanted to do the kind of romantic and hard rock Big Number and Yoli a guy Yoli from the internet I have recommended to everyone what? what? who is the one who is the one you like the story of love when you are married you can go to the channel of Big Hair Buddha they have registered when you are married next month you are married I am going to hug you I am not going happy next month you are married
(78:34~79:35) next month you are married the marriage not the marriage the godfather the marriage the marriage when I was in Daixi I signed the marriage I signed Daixi he invited me he invited me to the video he invited me to the wedding the groom the godfather the groom the other day I was so happy when I was in Daixi the wedding I was so happy I was so happy I am really tired who is the one our son conversation неб️ OK
(79:35~80:39) 9.40 I was expecting we shot on the tap if not, I will editing shoot for 40 minutes I am leaving tomorrow for pub 非常感謝我們線上有4000多位的朋友 看一下泰哥現在現在多少人 泰哥收播了 看一下其他 線上 館長多少人 館長怎麼收播了 館長收了 館長今天怎麼那麼早 因為我們真的很佩服館長 館長還有3500 贏館長了 掌聲 掌聲給我們這個泰哥53 聽懂朋友給自己一個掌聲
(80:39~81:39) 我們今天的直播人數贏館長了 沒事 呵呵 有問最後這個 每一集的直播最後可不可以唱歌 剛剛可不可以唱歌 還不行 也不行 不行 不行 不行 因為有版權 因為有版權 再唱只能唱7月半的歌 很膩了對不對 我不能唱還多7月半 因為我們可能年底 7月半還是要上場 表演 再唱還是那十幾首歌 說不定讓你聽膩的話 年底就不好玩 留一點到年底再唱 年底再唱 好囉 那第一集就大概說到這邊 跟大家稍微分享一下 最近發生一些有趣的事情 在線上一些 QA
(81:39~82:39) 還有乾爹的業配 回覆一下 Apple Pie 5星好評 大家記得聽完的話 可以去 Apple Pie留下 5星好評 可以問問題 哥哥每個禮拜的直播 就會回答大家的問題 那下禮拜開始 應該也是禮拜一啦 下禮拜應該禮拜一有空保 有不好 有有有 下一半有乾爹了 下一半有乾爹了 掌聲喔 謝謝乾爹 禮拜一啦 好禮拜一 下禮拜一一樣 可能也是抓個 8點 差不多8點好不好 7點太早對不對 8點啦 8點啦 8點啦 8點啦 下禮拜一一樣 8點 有空有空 有人在敲碗 可不可以來找來賓 是不是 看第二季啦 我第一季想試看看 先自己聊十集 好不好
(82:39~83:39) 先自己聊十集 如果看禮拜有沒有空 還是大陸佛沒有空 晚上可以 欸對啊 大陸佛可以來耶 可以來喔 下半可以來耶 喔不下要約他來 喔這麼遠耶 怎麼蓋遠 已經 20週 沒有台記者啦 20週 20週 20週 20週 8點 OK啦 OK 因為還有很多可以聊 我今天其實準備了 大概有 20 20點要聊 但我結果只聊了白冰冰 就沒了 謝謝冰冰姐 帶給我們今天 40分鐘快樂的時光 哥哥會不會聊到 第三集就尬掉了 沒有沒有 我還準備了好多 我準備了好多要聊的 很多了很多了 有可能喔 有可能聊完 就不錄第二季了 因為 話已經都講完了 OK 好 今天就到這邊收播囉 感謝大家的陪伴
(83:39~84:39) 怎麼現在人數在最多 4,400 什麼意思啦 暗示剛好 今天睡覺了 很多 媽媽 爸爸媽媽 今天睡覺了 開直播 溫哥 溫走哥 好不容易 吃不簡單 睡覺 說好你怕 還好你 買來聽你開個直播 給他靠不住你那邊 收播 對我們知道收播了 OK 感謝大家的收聽 下禮拜一同一個時間 在543的YouTube頻道 先直播 那隔天的禮拜二 在Podcast就會上映檔 那記得喔 有空的話 直播要跟啦 很精彩啊 Podcast很多聽不到喔 等一下可能這個影片檔 有被剪掉很多 我們現在看 時間是快兩小時對不對 剪一剪可能剩半小時喔 什麼都不能播喔 恐怖喔 菜哥出現了 我要收播了呢
(84:39~85:40) 菜哥說 我剛剛來收播結束 會不會 是不是因為這個原因 所以來 對啊對啊 我多了100人 我 43000 4400 多了你那100人 你直播 好不好 你直播 剛剛是80幾個人 對 你剛剛是80幾個人 好啦謝謝菜大哥 有空再來聊 想要學啦 今天謝謝 這前幾天 也謝謝菜哥 一直跟我們這個小朋友玩 然後帶著我們同仁們 學到很多啦 這個 菜哥記得飯店的錢 還會給禮貝喔 不然還有生氣喔 菜哥其實 他其實還滿有禮貌 因為我是先幫他訂飯店 我是怕他訂不到 我後來才約他 我先幫他訂 滑雪場的飯店 三天 阿哥東京 我們也住一天 阿他那天 第二天就很 客氣 說 欸 剛剛喝 那個飯店多少錢 還要給你 啊 當然 咖哩當然會說 阿伯
(85:40~86:40) 三半而已對不對 你在當我們教練 這裡放大一點 怎麼 就當作教練費 有來有去 有來有去 你免費當我們教練 免費給你住 不用 要講 是這樣講 啊 菜哥你要是要 把錢匯給你背 你再問他多少錢 我不知道 給錢就熟悉了 講得很好 給錢就熟悉了 所以下次 在一起約啦 好啦 有些客氣歸客氣 真的不要當真 真的不要當真 好啦 再約啦 菜哥這個 6月 7月 7月 南半球見啦 南半球見 澳洲喔 我先幫你訂喔 先幫你訂 客氣歸客氣
(86:40~87:55) 該有的理數還是要有 記得匯錢喔 下個禮拜 同一時間 禮拜一 收看我們的 543 YouTube直播 隔天一樣 禮拜二 Parkes 開始見啦 啊 這個禮拜四的 Parkes 非常精彩 一定要聽 一定要聽 好 感謝大家 今天 今天晚安 等一下 要播歌 要學歌詞 最後要播歌 最後播那個 主力曲 今天就是用買版權啦 我這個買版 我這媽的一口氣 我買了二十首 很貴 很貴 我買那個有唱歌的 更貴 要播播落寶 好啦 感謝大家 大家晚安 大家晚安 感謝大家 禮拜的賠償 以後就可以 禮拜一再空中相會啦 大家晚安 拜拜
(87:55~88:55) 拜拜 拜拜
(88:55~89:26) 拜拜
